
A strange seed was planted on Bulbasaur's back at birth. The plant sprouts and grows with this Pokémon.
Bulbasaur can go for days without eating a single morsel. In the bulb on its back, it stores energy.
The bulb-like pouch on Bulbasaur's back grows larger as it ages. The pouch is filled with numerous seeds.
The seed on Bulbasaur's back is filled with nutrients. The seed grows steadily larger as its body grows.
Bulbasaur carries a seed on its back right from birth. As it grows older, the seed also grows larger.
While Bulbasaur is young, it uses the nutrients that are stored in the seeds on its back in order to grow.
Bulbasaur can be seen napping in bright sunlight. There is a seed on its back. By soaking up the sun's rays, the seed grows progressively larger.
There is a plant seed on its back right from the day Bulbasaur is born. The seed slowly grows larger.
For some time after Bulbasaur's birth, it grows by gaining nourishment from the seed on its back.
While Bulbasaur is young, it uses the nutrients that are stored in the seed on its back in order to grow.

When the bulb on Ivysaur's back grows large, it appears to lose the ability to stand on its hind legs.
The bulb on Ivysaur's back grows by drawing energy. It gives off an aroma when it is ready to bloom.
The bud on Ivysaur's back apparently draws energy from its body. The bud is said to open into a large flower when fully grown.
Exposure to sunlight adds to Ivysaur's strength. Sunlight also makes the bud on its back grow larger.
If the bud on Ivysaur's back starts to smell sweet, it is evidence that the large flower will soon bloom.
The bulb on Ivysaur's back grows as it absorbs nutrients. The bulb gives off a pleasant aroma when it blooms.
There is a bud on this Pokémon's back. To support its weight, Ivysaur's legs and trunk grow thick and strong. If it starts spending more time lying in the sunlight, it's a sign that the bud will bloom into a large flower soon.
To support its bulb, Ivysaur's legs grow sturdy. If it spends more time lying in the sunlight, the bud will soon bloom into a large flower.
There is a plant bulb on Ivysaur's back. When it absorbs nutrients, the bulb is said to blossom into a large flower.
When the bud on Ivysaur's back starts swelling, a sweet aroma wafts to indicate the flower's coming bloom.
The bud on Ivysaur's back grows by drawing energy. It gives off an aroma when it is ready to bloom.
Exposure to sunlight adds to Ivysaur's strength. Sunlight also makes the bud on its back grow larger.

The plant blooms when Venusaur is absorbing solar energy. It stays on the move to seek sunlight.
The flower on Venusaur's back catches the sun's rays. The sunlight is then absorbed and used for energy.
Absorbs solar energy as nutrition. When Venusaur is catching the sun's rays, it often remains quiet and still.
By spreading the broad petals of Venusaur's flower and catching the sun's rays, it fills its body with power.
Venusaur is able to convert sunlight into energy. As a result, it is more powerful in the summertime.
As Venusaur warms itself and absorbs the sunlight, its flower petals release a pleasant fragrance.
There is a large flower on Venusaur's back. The flower is said to take on vivid colors if it gets plenty of nutrition and sunlight. The flower's aroma soothes the emotions of people.
Venusaur's flower is said to take on vivid colors if it gets plenty of nutrition and sunlight. The flower's aroma soothes the emotions of people.
A bewitching aroma wafts from Venusaur's flower. The fragrance becalms those engaged in a battle.
After a rainy day, the flower on Venusaur's back smells stronger. The scent attracts other Pokémon.
Venusaur's plant blooms when it is absorbing solar energy. It stays on the move to seek sunlight.
In order to support Venusaur's flower, which has grown larger due to Mega Evolution, its back and legs have become stronger.

Obviously prefers hot places. When Charmander rains, steam is said to spout from the tip of its tail.
The flame at the tip of Charmander's tail makes a sound as it burns. You can only hear it in quiet places.
Even the newborns have flaming tails. Unfamiliar with fire, babies are said to accidentally burn themselves.
The flame on Charmander's tail shows the strength of its life force. If it is weak, the flame also burns weakly.
The flame on its tail indicates Charmander's life force. If it is healthy, the flame burns brightly.
If Charmander's healthy, the flame on the tip of its tail will burn vigorously, even if it gets a bit wet.
The flame that burns at the tip of its tail is an indication of its emotions. The flame wavers when Charmander is enjoying itself. If the Pokémon becomes enraged, the flame burns fiercely.
The flame that burns at the tip of its tail is an indication of its emotions. The flame wavers when Charmander is happy, and blazes when it is enraged.
From the time Charmander is born, a flame burns at the tip of its tail. Its life would end if the flame were to go out.
Charmander has a preference for hot things. When it rains, steam is said to spout from the tip of its tail.
The fire on the tip of Charmander's tail is a measure of its life. If healthy, its tail burns intensely.
From the time Charmander is born, a flame burns at the tip of its tail. Its life would end if the flame were to go out.

When Charmeleon swings its burning tail, it elevates the temperature to unbearably high levels.
Tough fights could excite Charmeleon. When excited, it may blow out bluish-white flames.
Charmeleon appears to be very vicious. It attacks with razor-sharp claws and won't stop until the enemy is defeated.
Charmeleon is very hot-headed by nature, so it constantly seeks opponents. It calms down only when it wins.
Charmeleon has a barbaric nature. In battle, it whips its fiery tail around and slashes away with sharp claws.
If Charmeleon becomes agitated during battle, it spouts intense flames, incinerating its surroundings.
Charmeleon mercilessly destroys its foes using its sharp claws. If it encounters a strong foe, it turns aggressive. In this excited state, the flame at the tip of its tail flares with a bluish white color.
Without pity, Charmeleon's sharp claws destroy foes. If it encounters a strong enemy, it becomes agitated, and the flame on its tail flares with a bluish white color.
Charmeleon lashes about with its tail to knock down its foe. It then tears up the fallen opponent with sharp claws.
When Charmeleon swings its burning tail, it elevates the air temperature to unbearably high levels.
In the rocky mountains where Charmeleon live, their fiery tails shine at night like stars.
Tough fights could excite Charmeleon. When excited, it may breathe out bluish-white flames.
If Charmeleon becomes agitated during battle, it spouts intense flames, incinerating its surroundings.

Spits fire that is hot enough to melt boulders. Known to cause forest fires unintentionally.
When expelling a blast of super hot fire, the red flame at the tip of Charizard's tail burns more intensely.
Charizard's fiery breath reaches incredible temperatures. It can quickly melt glaciers weighing 10,000 tons.
If Charizard becomes furious, the flame at the tip of its tail flares up in a whitish-blue color.
Breathing intense, hot flames, Charizard can melt almost anything. Its breath inflicts terrible pain on enemies.
Charizard uses its wings to fly high. The temperature of its fire increases as it gains experience in battle.
Charizard flies around the sky in search of powerful opponents. It breathes fire of such great heat that it melts anything. However, it never turns its fiery breath on any opponent weaker than itself.
A Charizard flies about in search of strong opponents. It breathes intense flames that can melt any material. However, it will never torch a weaker foe.
Its wings can carry Charizard close to an altitude of 4,600 feet. It blows out fire at very high temperatures.
Charizard spits fire that is hot enough to melt boulders. It may cause forest fires by blowing flames.
It is said that Charizard's fire burns hotter if it has experienced harsh battles.
When expelling a blast of superhot fire, the red flame at the tip of Charizard's tail burns more intensely.
When Charizard expels a blast of superhot fire, the red flame at the tip of its tails burns more intensely.
The overwhelming power that fills Charizard's entire body causes it to turn black and create intense blue flames.
Charizard's bond with its Trainer is the source of its power. It boasts speed and maneuverability greater than that of a jet fighter.
This colossal, flame-winged figure of a Charizard was brought about by Gigantamax energy.
The flame inside its body burns hotter than 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit. When Charizard roars, that temperature climbs even higher.

After birth, Squirtle's back swells and hardens into a shell. Powerfully sprays foam from its mouth.
Shoots water at prey while in the water. Withdraws into Squirtle's shell when in danger.
Squirtle takes time for the shell to form and harden after hatching. It sprays foam powerfully from its mouth.
The shell is soft when Squirtle is born. It soon becomes so resilient, prodding fingers will bounce off it.
The shell, which hardens soon after Squirtle is born, is resilient. If you poke it, it will bounce back out.
When Squirtle feels threatened, it draws its legs inside its shell and sprays water from its mouth.
Squirtle's shell is not merely used for protection. The shell's rounded shape and the grooves on its surface help minimize resistance in water, enabling this Pokémon to swim at high speeds.
Its shell is not just for protection. Its rounded shape and the grooves on its surface minimize resistance in water, enabling Squirtle to swim at high speeds.
When Squirtle retracts its long neck into its shell, it squirts out water with vigorous force.
Squirtle shelters itself in its shell, then strikes back with spouts of water at every opportunity.
When Squirtle feels threatened, it draws its limbs inside its shell and sprays water from its mouth.

Often hides in water to stalk unwary prey. For swimming fast, Wartortle moves its ears to maintain balance.
When tapped, Wartortle will pull in its head, but its tail will still stick out a little bit.
The tail is covered with a rich fur. Wartortle stores air in the fur before taking extended dives underwater.
It is recognized as a symbol of longevity. If its shell has algae on it, that Wartortle is very old.
Wartortle cleverly controls its furry ears and tail to maintain its balance while swimming.
Wartortle's long, furry tail is a symbol of longevity, making it quite popular among older people.
Its tail is large and covered with a rich, thick fur. The tail becomes increasingly deeper in color as Wartortle ages. The scratches on its shell are evidence of this Pokémon's toughness as a battler.
Wartortle's large tail is covered with rich, thick fur that deepens in color with age. The scratches on its shell are evidence of this Pokémon's toughness in battle.
Wartortle is very popular as a pet. Its fur-covered tail is a symbol of its longevity.
Wartortle often hides in water to stalk unwary prey. For fast swimming, it moves its ears to maintain balance.
Wartortle is said to live 10,000 years. Its furry tail is popular as a symbol of longevity.
When tapped on its head, Wartortle will pull it in, but its tail will stick out a little bit.
Wartortle cleverly controls its furry ears and tail to maintain its balance while swimming.

A brutal Pokémon with pressurized water jets on Blastoise's shell. They are used for high speed tackles.
Once Blastoise takes aim at its enemy, it blasts out water with even more force than a fire hose.
Blastoise has spouts extending from its shell at the top. They spray water like cannons, hard enough to pierce concrete walls.
Blastoise deliberately makes itself heavy so it can withstand the recoil of the water jets it fires.
The rocket cannons on Blastoise's shell fire jets of water capable of punching holes through thick steel.
Blastoise firmly plants its feet on the ground before shooting water from the jets on its back.
Blastoise has water spouts that protrude from its shell. The water spouts are very accurate. They can shoot bullets of water with enough accuracy to strike empty cans from a distance of over 160 feet.
The waterspouts that protrude from Blastoise's shell are highly accurate. Their bullets of water can precisely nail tin cans from a distance of over 160 feet.
Blastoise crushes its foe under its heavy body to cause fainting. In a pinch, it will withdraw inside its shell.
The pressurized water jets on Blastoise's shell are used for high-speed tackles.
The jets of water Blastoise spouts from the rocket cannons on its shell can punch through thick steel.
The cannon on Blastoise's back is as powerful as a tank gun. Its tough legs and back enable it to withstand the recoil from firing the cannon.
An aggressive Pokémon that tackles anything Blastoise sees.
Caterpie's short feet are tipped with suction pads that enable it to tirelessly climb slopes and walls.
If you touch the feeler on top of Caterpie's head, it will release a horrible stink to protect itself.
Caterpie has large, eye-like patterns on its head as protection. They are used to frighten off enemies.
For protection, Caterpie releases a horrible stench from the antennae on its head to drive away enemies.
Caterpie's feet have suction cups designed to stick to any surface. It tenaciously climbs trees to forage.
Caterpie crawls into foliage where it camouflages itself among leaves that are the same color as its body.
Caterpie has a voracious appetite. It can devour leaves bigger than its body right before your eyes. From its antenna, this Pokémon releases a terrifically strong odor.
Caterpie's voracious appetite compels it to devour leaves bigger than itself without hesitation. It releases a terribly strong odor from its antennae.
Caterpie is covered with a green skin. When it grows, it sheds the skin, covers itself with silk, and becomes a cocoon.
Caterpie releases a stench from its red antenna to repel enemies. It grows by molting repeatedly.
When attacked by bird Pokémon, Caterpie resists by releasing a terrifically strong odor from its antennae, but it often becomes their prey.
Caterpie's easy to catch, and it grows quickly, making it one of the top recommendations for novice Pokémon Trainers.
Perhaps because Caterpie would like to grow up quickly, it has a voracious appetite, eating a hundred leaves a day.
Caterpie's body is soft and weak. In nature, its perpetual fate is to be seen by others as food.
For protection, Caterpie releases a horrible stench from the antenna on its head to drive away enemies.
Metapod is vulnerable to attack while its shell is soft, exposing its weak and tender body.
Hardens Metapod's shell to protect itself. However, a large impact may cause it to pop out of its shell.
When Metapod hardens, only the external shell is transformed. The inside remains tender.
Inside the shell, Metapod is soft and weak as it prepares to evolve. It stays motionless in the shell.
Metapod prepares for evolution by hardening its shell as much as possible to protect its soft body.
This is Metapod's preevolved form. At this stage, it can only harden, so it remains motionless to avoid attack.
The shell covering this Pokémon's body is as hard as an iron slab. Metapod does not move very much. It stays still because it is preparing its soft innards for evolution inside the hard shell.
Its shell is as hard as an iron slab. A Metapod does not move very much because it is preparing its soft innards for evolution inside the shell.
Even though Metapod is encased in a sturdy shell, the body inside is tender. It can't withstand a harsh attack.
A steel-hard shell protects Metapod's tender body. It quietly endures hardships while awaiting evolution.
Metapod's shell is filled with its soft innards. It doesn't move much because of the risk it might carelessly spill its innards out.
Metapod's shell is hard, but it's still just a bug shell. It's been known to break, so intense battles with it should be avoided.
Metapod's shell is filled with a thick liquid. All of the cells throughout its body are being rebuilt in preparation for evolution.
Metapod's hard shell doesn't crack a bit even if Pikipek pecks at it, but it will tip over, spilling out its insides.
Metapod is waiting for the moment to evolve. At this stage, it can only harden, so it remains motionless to avoid attack.
In battle, Butterfree flaps its wings at high speed to release highly toxic dust into the air.
Butterfree's wings, covered with poisonous powders, repel water. This allows it to fly in the rain.
Butterfree's wings are covered with poisonous dust. If you see one flapping its wings, be careful not to inhale any of the dust.
Butterfree collects honey every day. It rubs honey onto the hairs on its legs to carry it back to its nest.
Water-repellent powder on Butterfree's wings enables it to collect honey, even in the heaviest of rains.
Butterfree flits from flower to flower, collecting honey. It can even identify distant flowers in bloom.
Butterfree has a superior ability to search for delicious honey from flowers. It can even search out, extract, and carry honey from flowers that are blooming over six miles from its nest.
Butterfree has a superior ability to search for delicious honey from flowers. It can seek, extract, and carry honey from flowers blooming over six miles away.
The wings are protected by a rain-repellent dust. As a result, Butterfree can fly about even in rain.
In battle, Butterfree flaps its wings at great speed to release highly toxic dust into the air.
Butterfree loves the honey of flowers and can locate flower patches that have even tiny amounts of pollen.
The wings are protected by rain-repellent dust. As a result, Butterfree can fly about even in rain.
Close examination of Butterfree's large eyes reveals that each eye is composed of a myriad of tiny eyes.
When attacked by other Pokémon, Butterfree defends itself by scattering its poisonous scales and fluttering its wings.
Its wings are covered in toxic scales. If it finds bird Pokémon going after Caterpie, Butterfree sprinkles its scales on them to drive them off.
Nectar from pretty flowers is Butterfree's favorite food. In fields of flowers, it has heated battles with Cutiefly for territory.
Butterfree's wings, covered with poisonous powder, repel water. This allows it to fly in the rain.
Crystallized Gigantamax energy makes up Butterfree's blindingly bright and highly toxic scales.
Once Butterfree has opponents trapped in a tornado that could blow away a 10-ton truck, it finishes them off with its poisonous scales.
In battle, Butterfree flaps its wings at high speed, releasing highly toxic dust into the air.
Often found in forests, eating leaves. Weedle has a sharp venomous stinger on its head.
Beware of the sharp stinger on Weedle's head. It hides in grass and bushes where it eats leaves.
A common sight in forests and grassy areas. Has a poison stinger on Weedle's head that may be used if you step on it.
Weedle's poison stinger is very powerful. Its bright-colored body is intended to warn off its enemies.
Weedle attacks using a two-inch poison barb on its head. It can usually be found under the leaves it eats.
The barb on top of Weedle's head secretes a strong poison. It uses this toxic barb to protect itself.
Weedle has an extremely acute sense of smell. It is capable of distinguishing its favorite kinds of leaves from those it dislikes just by sniffing with its big red proboscis (nose).
A Weedle has an extremely acute sense of smell. It distinguishes its favorite kinds of leaves from those it dislikes by sniffing with its big red proboscis (nose).
Often found in forests and grasslands. Weedle has a sharp, toxic barb of around two inches on top of its head.
Often found in forests, eating leaves. Weedle has a sharp stinger on its head that injects poison.
Weedle eats its weight in leaves every day. It fends off attackers with the needle on its head.
Often found in forests, eating leaves. Weedle has a sharp, venomous stinger on its head.
Weedle's poison stinger is very powerful. Its bright-colored is intended to warn off its enemies.
Almost incapable of moving, Kakuna can only harden its shell to protect itself from predators.
Able to move only slightly. When endangered, Kakuna may stick out its stinger and poison its enemy.
Because Kakuna is virtually motionless, it may appear dead. Inside, however, a new body is being made.
Although Kakuna is a cocoon, it can move a little. It can extend its poison barb if it is attacked.
From this form, Kakuna will grow into an adult. As its body becomes softer, the external shell hardens.
Nearly incapable of movement, Kakuna leans against stout trees while waiting for its evolution.
Kakuna remains virtually immobile as it clings to a tree. However, on the inside, it is extremely busy as it prepares for its coming evolution. This is evident from how hot the shell becomes to the touch.
Kakuna remains virtually immobile while it clings to a tree. However, on the inside, it busily prepares for evolution. This is evident from how hot its shell becomes.
Kakuna is in a temporary stage while making its body. It is almost completely unable to move on its own.
Almost incapable of moving, Kakuna can only harden its shell to protect itself when it is in danger.
While awaiting evolution, Kakuna hides from predators under leaves and in nooks of branches.
Able to move only slightly. When endangered, Kakuna may stick out its stinger and poison its enemy.

Flies at high speed and attacks using Beedrill's large venomous stingers on its forelegs and tail.
Beedrill has 3 poisonous stingers on its forelegs and its tail. They are used to jab its enemy repeatedly.
Flies at high speeds and attacks with three stingers: one on Beedrill's rear and one on each of its two forelegs. May appear in swarms.
Beedrill can take down any opponent with its powerful poison stingers. It sometimes attacks in swarms.
Beedrill has three poison barbs. The barb on its tail secretes the most powerful poison.
Beedrill uses sharp, poisonous stings to defeat prey, then takes the victim back to its nest for food.
Beedrill is extremely territorial. No one should ever approach its nest - this is for their own safety. If angered, they will attack in a furious swarm.
A Beedrill is extremely territorial. For safety reasons, no one should ever approach its nest. If angered, they will attack in a swarm.
May appear in a swarm. Flies at violent speeds, all the while stabbing with the toxic stinger on Beedrill's rear.
Beedrill flies at high speed and attacks using the large venomous stingers on its forelegs and tail.
Beedrill's best attack involves flying around at high speed, striking with poison needles, then flying off.
Beedrill has three poisonous stingers on its forelegs and its tail. They are used to jab its enemy repeatedly.
Beedrill is extremely territorial. No one should ever approach its nest—this is for their own safety. If angered, they will attack in a furious swarm.
Beedrill's legs have become poison stingers. It stabs its prey repeatedly with the stingers on its limbs, dealing the final blow with the stinger on its rear.

A common sight in forests and woods. Pidgey flaps its wings at ground level to kick up blinding sand.
Very docile. If attacked, Pidgey will often kick up sand to protect itself rather than fight back.
If at all possible, Pidgey will try to avoid battles. Small or weak enemies are blown away by Whirlwind.
Pidgey usually hides in tall grass. Because it dislikes fighting, it protects itself by kicking up sand.
Common in grassy areas and forests, Pidgey is very docile and will chase off enemies by flapping up sand.
Pidgey rapidly flaps its wings in the grass, stirring up a dust cloud that drives insect prey out into the open.
Pidgey has an extremely sharp sense of direction. It is capable of unerringly returning home to its nest, however far it may be removed from its familiar surroundings.
Pidgey has an extremely sharp sense of direction. It can unerringly return home to its nest, however far it may be removed from its familiar surroundings.
Does not like to fight. Pidgey hides in tall grass and so on, foraging for food such as small bugs.
A common sight in forests and woods. Pidgey flaps its wings and ground level to kick up blinding sand.
Pidgey is docile and prefers to avoid conflict. If disturbed, however, it can ferociously strike back.
Very docile. If attacked, Pidgey will often kick up sand to protect itself rather than fight back.

Very protective of its sprawling territorial area, Pidgeotto will fiercely peck at any intruder.
Pidgeotto is full of vitality. It constantly flies around its large territory in search of prey.
Pidgeotto builds its nest in the center of its large territory. It uses its powerfully-developed talons to swiftly snatch prey.
Pidgeotto has outstanding vision. However high it flies, it is able to distinguish the movements of its prey.
Pidgeotto immobilizes its prey using well-developed claws, then carries the prey more than 60 miles to its nest.
Pidgeotto slowly flies in a circular pattern, all the while keeping a sharp lookout for prey.
Pidgeotto claims a large area as its own territory. This Pokémon flies around, patrolling its living space. If its territory is violated, it shows no mercy in thoroughly punishing the foe with its sharp claws.
Pidgeotto flies around, patrolling its large territory. If its living space is violated, it shows no mercy in thoroughly punishing the foe with its sharp claws.
The claws on Pidgeotto's feet are well developed. It can carry prey such as an Exeggcute to its nest over 60 miles away.
Pidgeotto flies over its wide territory in search of prey, downing it with its highly developed claws.
Pidgeotto renders its prey immobile using well-developed claws, then carries the prey more than 60 miles to its nest.
Pidgeotto is full of vitality. It constantly flies around its large territory in search of prey.

When hunting, Pidgeot skims the surface of water at high speed to pick off unwary prey such as Magikarp.
Pidgeot flies at Mach 2 speed, seeking prey. Its large talons are feared as wicked weapons.
Capable of flying incredibly quickly. In full flight, by the time Pidgeot's flapping is heard, it is long gone.
Pidgeot's well-developed chest muscles make it strong enough to whip up a gusty windstorm with just a few flaps.
Pidgeot spreads its beautiful wings wide to frighten its enemies. It can fly at Mach 2 speed.
Pidgeot's outstanding vision allows it to spot splashing Magikarp, even while flying at 3,300 feet.
This Pokémon has a dazzling plumage of beautifully glossy feathers. Many Trainers are captivated by the striking beauty of the feathers on its head, compelling them to choose Pidgeot as their Pokémon.
This Pokémon has gorgeous, glossy feathers. Many trainers are so captivated by the beautiful feathers on its head that they choose Pidgeot as their Pokémon.
Pidgeot spreads its gorgeous wings widely to intimidate enemies. It races through the skies at Mach-2 speed.
By flapping its wings with all its might, Pidgeot can make a gust of wind capable of bending tall trees.
With Pidgeot's muscular strength now greatly increased, it can fly continuously for two weeks without resting.

Bites anything when Rattata attacks. Small and very quick, it is a common sight in many places.
Will chew on anything with Rattata's fangs. If you see one, it is certain that 40 more live in the area.
Scurries around quickly, searching for hard objects to gnaw. Rattata appears to be jittery and unable to remain still.
Rattata eats everything. Wherever food is available, it will settle down and produce offspring continuously.
Living wherever there is food available, Rattata ceaselessly scavenges for edibles the entire day.
Rattata's impressive vitality allows it to live anywhere. It also multiplies very quickly.
Rattata is cautious in the extreme. Even while it is asleep, it constantly listens by moving its ears around. It is not picky about where it lives - it will make its nest anywhere.
A Rattata is cautious in the extreme. Even while it is asleep, it constantly moves its ears and listens for danger. It will make its nest anywhere.
Rattata's fangs are long and very sharp. They grow continuously, so it gnaws on hard things to whittle them down.
Cautious in the extreme, Rattata's hardy vitality lets it live in any kind of environment.
Rattata searches for food all day. It gnaws on hard objects to wear down its fangs, which grow constantly during its lifetime.
Rattata is cautious in the extreme. Even while it is asleep, it constantly listens by moving its ears around. It is not picky about where it lives—it will make its nest anywhere.
Rattata's incisors continue growing until its death. If its Trainer doesn’t offer it a file to gnaw on, it will gnaw on door frames, table legs, and so on.
With their strong capacity for survival, Rattata can live in dirty places without concern. Left unchecked, their numbers multiply rapidly.
Rattata's incisors grow continuously throughout its life. If its incisors get too long, this Pokémon becomes unable to eat, and it starves to death.
Rattata is common but hazardous. Its sharp incisors can easily cut right through hard wood.
Will chew on anything with Rattata's fangs. If you see one, you can be certain that 40 more live in the area.
With Rattata's incisors, it gnaws through doors and infiltrates people ’s homes. Then, with a twitch of its whiskers, it steals whatever food it finds.
When the sun goes down, Rattata becomes active. It runs around town on a chase for good food for the boss of its nest—Raticate.
Rattata shows no interest in anything that isn't fresh. If you take it shopping with you, it will help you pick out ingredients.
Night after night, Rattata sneak into people's homes seeking food. A massive outbreak of them has become an issue of public concern.
Rattata's whiskers provide it with a keen sense of smell, enabling it to pick up the scent of hidden food and locate it instantly.

Raticate uses its whiskers to maintain its balance. It apparently slows down if they are cut off.
Raticate's hind feet are webbed. They act as flippers, so it can swim in rivers and hunt for prey.
If attacked, Raticate stands up on its hind legs, bares its fangs and shrieks in an intimidating manner at its enemy.
Gnaws on anything with Raticate's tough fangs. It can even topple concrete buildings by gnawing on them.
Raticate's whiskers help it to maintain balance. Its fangs never stop growing, so it gnaws to pare them down.
The webs on Raticate's hind legs enable it to cross rivers. It searches wide areas for food.
Raticate's sturdy fangs grow steadily. To keep them ground down, it gnaws on rocks and logs. It may even chew on the walls of houses.
A Raticate's sturdy fangs grow steadily. To keep them ground down, it gnaws on rocks and logs. It may even chew on the walls of houses.
Raticate's rear feet have three toes each. They are webbed, enabling it to swim across rivers.
Raticate whittles its constantly growing fangs by gnawing on hard things. It can chew apart cinder walls.
With its long fangs, Raticate can gnaw away even thick concrete with ease.
Raticate’s sturdy fangs grow steadily. To keep them ground down, it gnaws on rocks and logs. It may even chew on the walls of houses.
Raticate's hind feet are webbed, so it's a strong swimmer. It can cross rivers and sometimes even oceans.
Raticate's disposition is far more violent than its looks would suggest. Don't let your hand get too close to its face, as it could bite your hand clean off.
People say that Raticate fled from its enemies by using its small webbed hind feet to swim from island to island in Alola.
Raticate's whiskers are essential for maintaining its balance. No matter how friendly you are, it will get angry and bite you if you touch its whiskers.
Raticate forms a group of Rattata, which it assumes command of. Each group has its own territory, and disputes over food happen often.
This gourmet Pokémon is particular about the taste and freshness of its food. Restaurants where Raticate live have a good reputation.
Raticate has an incredibly greedy personality. Its nest is filled with so much food gathered by Rattata at its direction, it can't possibly eat it all.
Raticate commands a nest of Rattata. Different nests don't get along, whipping up severe fights over feeding grounds.
Raticate makes its Rattata underlings gather food for it, dining solely on the most nutritious and delicious fare.

Eats bugs in grassy areas. Spearow has to flap its short wings at high speed to stay airborne.
Inept at flying high. However, Spearow can fly around very fast to protect its territory.
Spearow's wings are short, so it can't fly a long distance. If it's not eating, it darts around in a hurry.
Spearow flaps its short wings to flush out insects from tall grass. It then plucks them with its stubby beak.
Very protective of Spearow's territory, it flaps its short wings busily to dart around at high speed.
To protect Spearow's territory, it flies around ceaselessly, making high-pitched cries.
Spearow has a very loud cry that can be heard over half a mile away. If its high, keening cry is heard echoing all around, it is a sign that they are warning each other of danger.
Spearow's loud cry can be heard over half a mile away. If its high, keening cry is heard echoing all around, it is a sign that they are warning each other of danger.
Spearow busily flits around here and there. Even if it is frail, it can be a tough foe that uses Mirror Move.
Spearow flaps its small wings busily to fly. Using its beak, it searches in grass for prey.
Spearow's short wings make it inept at flying. It moves about hurriedly and pecks at Bug-type Pokémon in the tall grass.
Farmers whose fields are troubled by bug Pokémon appreciate Spearow for its vigorous appetite and look after it.
Spearow's reckless nature leads it to stand up to others—even large Pokémon—if it has to protect its territory.
Due to Spearow's short wings, it can't fly long distances. It wanders about restlessly and pecks at bug Pokémon.
Inept at flying high. However, Spearow can fly around very fast to protect its territory.

With Fearow's huge and magnificent wings, it can keep aloft without ever having to land for rest.
A Pokémon that dates back many years. If Fearow senses danger, it flies high and away, instantly.
A Pokémon that enjoys flying. Fearow uses its broad wings to adroitly catch the wind to soar elegantly into the sky.
Fearow shoots itself suddenly high into the sky, then plummets down in one fell swoop to strike its prey.
Fearow cleverly uses its thin, long beak to pluck and eat small insects that hide under the ground.
Fearow uses its long beak to attack. It has a surprisingly long reach, so it must be treated with caution.
Fearow is recognized by its long neck and elongated beak. They are conveniently shaped for catching prey in soil or water. It deftly moves its long and skinny beak to pluck prey.
Fearow's long neck and elongated beak are ideal for catching prey in soil or water. It deftly moves this extended and skinny beak to pluck prey.
Fearow's huge and magnificent wings can keep it aloft in the sky. It can remain flying a whole day without landing.
Fearow has the stamina to fly all day on its broad wings. It fights using its sharp beak.
Fearow has the stamina to keep flying all day on its broad wings. It fights by using its sharp beak.
Fearow has the stamina to fly all day on its broad wings. It fights by using its sharp beak.
Fearow's tough and has excellent stamina. It has no problem flying continuously for a whole day carrying a heavy load.
Drawings of a Pokémon resembling Fearow can be seen in murals from deep in ancient history.
Carrying food through Fearow's territory is dangerous.
In Alola, fish Pokémon are Fearow's prey. It can be seen circling above the ocean searching for food.
A Pokémon that dates back many years. If Fearow senses danger, it flies high and away, instantly.

Moves silently and stealthily. Eats the eggs of birds, such as Pidgey and Spearow, whole.
The older Ekans gets, the longer it grows. At night, it wraps its long body around tree branches to rest.
Slithers silently through grass, searching for Ekans's favorite food—Pidgey and Spearow eggs.
Ekans can freely detach its jaw to swallow large prey whole. It can become too heavy to move, however.
Ekans always hides in grass. When first born, it has no poison, so its bite is painful, but harmless.
Ekans flutters the tip of its tongue to seek out the scent of prey, then swallows the prey whole.
Ekans curls itself up in a spiral while it rests. Assuming this position allows it to quickly respond to a threat from any direction with a glare from its upraised head.
An Ekans curls itself up in a spiral while it rests. This position allows it to quickly respond to an enemy from any direction with a threat from its upraised head.
A very common sight in grassland, etc. Ekans flicks its tongue in and out to sense danger in its surroundings.
Moving silently and stealthily, Ekans eats the eggs of birds, such as Pidgey and Spearow, whole.
Ekans sneaks through grass without making a sound and strikes unsuspecting prey from behind.
By dislocating Ekans's jaw, it can swallow prey larger than itself. After a meal, it curls up and rests.
The eggs of bird Pokémon are its favorite food. It swallows eggs whole, so sometimes an egg gets stuck, and Ekans faints.
The older Ekans gets, the longer it grows. At night, it wraps its long body around tree branches to rest.

Arbok is rumored that the ferocious warning markings on its belly differ from area to area.
The frightening patterns on Arbok's belly have been studied. Six variations have been confirmed.
If Arbok encounters an enemy, it raises its head, intimidating the opponent with the frightening pattern on its body.
Transfixing prey with the face-like pattern on Arbok's belly, it binds and poisons the frightened victim.
With a very vengeful nature, Arbok won't give up the chase, no matter how far, once it targets its prey.
To intimidate foes, Arbok spreads its chest wide and makes eerie sounds by expelling air from its mouth.
Transfixing prey with the face like pattern on Arbok's belly, it binds and poisons the poisoned victim.
This Pokémon is terrifically strong in order to constrict things with its body. It can even flatten steel oil drums. Once Arbok wraps its body around its foe, escaping its crunching embrace is impossible.
Arbok has a terrifically strong constricting power. It can even flatten steel oil drums. Once it wraps its body around its foe, escaping is impossible.
The pattern on Arbok's belly appears to be a frightening face. Weak foes will flee just at the sight of the pattern.
The pattern on Arbok's belly is for intimidation. It constricts foes when they are frozen in fear.
The latest research has determined that there are over 20 possible arrangements of the patterns on Arbok's stomach.
After stunning Arbok's opponents with the pattern on its stomach, it quickly wraps them up in its body and waits for them to stop moving.
The frightening patterns on Arbok's belly have been studied. Six variations have been confirmed.

When several of these Pokémon gather, Pikachu's electricity could build and cause lightning storms.
Pikachu keeps its tail raised to monitor its surroundings. If you yank its tail, it will try to bite you.
Lives in forests away from people. Pikachu stores electricity in its cheeks for zapping an enemy if it is attacked.
Pikachu roasts hard berries with electricity to make them tender enough to eat.
Pikachu raises its tail to check its surroundings. The tail is sometimes struck by lightning in this pose.
When Pikachu is angered, it immediately discharges the energy stored in the pouches in its cheeks.
Pikachu roasts hard Berries with electricity to make them tender enough to eat.
Whenever Pikachu comes across something new, it blasts it with a jolt of electricity. If you come across a blackened berry, it's evidence that this Pokémon mistook the intensity of its charge.
This Pokémon has electricity-storing pouches on its cheeks. These appear to become electrically charged during the night while Pikachu sleeps. It occasionally discharges electricity when it is dozy after waking up.
Pikachu stores electricity in the electric sacs on its cheeks. When it releases pent-up energy in a burst, the electric power is equal to a lightning bolt.
Pikachu has small electric sacs on both its cheeks. If threatened, it looses electric charges from the sacs.
Pikachu lives in forests with others. It stores electricity in the pouches on its cheeks.
If Pikachu looses crackling power from the electrical pouches on its cheeks, it is being wary.
It occasionally uses an electric shock to recharge a fellow Pikachu that is in a weakened state.
A plan was recently announced to gather many Pikachu and make an electric power plant.
Pikachu's in its nature to store electricity. It feels stressed now and then if it's unable to fully discharge the electricity.
Its nature is to store up electricity. Forests where nests of Pikachu live are dangerous, since the trees are so often struck by lightning.
While sleeping, Pikachu generates electricity in the sacs in its cheeks. If it's not getting enough sleep, it will be able to use only weak electricity.
This forest-dwelling Pokémon stores electricity in Pikachu's cheeks, so you'll feel a tingly shock if you touch it.
Pikachu that can generate powerful electricity have cheek sacs that are extra soft and super stretchy.
When Pikachu meet, they'll touch their tails together and exchange electricity through them as a form of greeting.
This form of Pikachu is somewhat rare. It wears the hat of its Trainer, who is also its partner.
This Pikachu is wearing its Trainer's cap. Since the cap's not the right size, the fit is a bit loose.
This Pikachu wears its partner's cap, which is brimming with memories of traveling through the Kanto/Johto/Hoenn/Sinnoh/Unova/Kalos/Alola region.
This Pikachu is wearing its Trainer's cap. The cap is proof that the two traveled throughout the Kanto/Johto/Hoenn/Sinnoh/Unova/Kalos/Alola region together.
This Pikachu wears its partner's cap, which is brimming with memories of when they first met.
This Pikachu is wearing its Trainer's cap. The cap is a precious symbol of a fateful encounter.
Pikachu's Gigantamax power expanded, forming its supersized body and towering tail.
When Pikachu smashes its opponents with its bolt-shaped tail, it delivers a surge of electricity equivalent to a lightning strike.

Raichu's long tail serves as a ground to protect itself from its own high voltage power.
When electricity builds up inside Raichu's body, it becomes feisty. It also glows in the dark.
Raichu's electrical attacks may reach 10,000 volts. It discharges electricity from its tail, so it is not harmed by its own power.
When Raichu's electricity builds, its muscles are stimulated, and it becomes more aggressive than usual.
If the electric pouches in Raichu's cheeks become fully charged, both ears will stand straight up.
If Raichu's electric pouches run empty, it raises its tail to gather electricity from the atmosphere.
If the electrical sacks become excessively charged, Raichu plants its tail in the ground and discharges. Scorched patches of ground will be found near this Pokémon's nest.
This Pokémon exudes a weak electrical charge from all over its body that makes it take on a slight glow in darkness. Raichu searches for electricity by planting its tail in the ground.
If Raichu stores too much electricity, its behavior turns aggressive. To avoid this, it occasionally discharges excess energy and calms itself down.
Raichu's electric charges can reach even 100,000 volts. Careless contact can cause even an Indian elephant to faint.
Raichu's long tail serves as ground to protect itself from its own high-voltage power.
Raichu turns aggressive if it has too much electricity in its body. It discharges power through its tail.
Raichu can loose 100,000-volt bursts of electricity, instantly downing foes several times its size.
Raichu's tail discharges electricity into the ground, protecting it from getting shocked.
If the electrical sacs become excessively charged, Raichu plants its tail in the ground and discharges. Scorched patches of ground will be found near this Pokémon's nest.
This Pokémon exudes a weak electrical charge from all over its body that makes it take on a slight glow in darkness. Raichu plants its tail in the ground to discharge electricity.
Raichu unleashes electric shocks that can reach 100,000 volts. When agitated, it can knock out even an Indian elephant.
Raichu becomes aggressive when it has electricity stored up. At such times, even its Trainer has to take care to avoid being attacked.
As electricity builds up inside Raichu's body, it becomes more aggressive. One theory is that the electricity buildup is actually causing stress.
Because so many Trainers like the way Pikachu looks, you don't see Raichu very often.
Raichu's long tail serves as a ground to protect itself from its own high-voltage power.
Raichu only evolves to this form in the Alola region. According to researchers, its diet is one of the causes of this change.
Raichu uses psychokinesis to control electricity. It hops aboard its own tail, using psychic power to lift the tail and move about while riding it.
Raichu focuses psychic energy into its tail and rides it like it's surfing. Another name for this Pokémon is “hodad.
When you rub Raichu's cheeks, a sweet fragrance comes wafting out.
Raichu loves pancakes prepared with a secret Alolan recipe. Some wonder whether that recipe holds the key to this Pokémon's evolution.
It's believed that the weather, climate, and food of the Alola region all play a part in causing Pikachu to evolve into this form of Raichu.
Raichu rides on its tail while it uses its psychic powers to levitate. It attacks with star-shaped thunderbolts.

Burrows deep underground in arid locations far from water. Sandshrew only emerges to hunt for food.
Sandshrew's body is dry. When it gets cold at night, its hide is said to become coated with a fine dew.
When hunting, Sandshrew hides at the lip of its burrow. If prey comes close, it lunges out and drags in the prey instantly.
If it fell from a great height, Sandshrew could save itself by rolling into a ball and bouncing.
Disliking water, Sandshrew lives in deep burrows in arid areas. It can roll itself instantly into a ball.
Sandshrew prefers dry, sandy places because it uses the sand to protect itself when threatened.
Sandshrew's body is configured to absorb water without waste, enabling it to survive in an arid desert. This Pokémon curls up to protect itself from its enemies.
Sandshrew has a very dry hide that is extremely tough. The Pokémon can roll into a ball that repels any attack. At night, it burrows into the desert sand to sleep.
When Sandshrew curls up in a ball, it can make any attack bounce off harmlessly. Its hide has turned tough and solid as a result of living in the desert.
Sandshrew burrows and lives underground. If threatened, it curls itself up into a ball for protection.
To protect itself from attackers, Sandshrew curls up into a ball. It lives in arid regions with minimal rainfall.
Sandshrew digs deep burrows to live in. When in danger, it rolls up its body to withstand attacks.
Sandshrew has a very dry hide that is extremely tough. The Pokémon can roll into a ball that repels any attack. At night, it burrows into the desert to sleep.
Sandshrew can roll its body into a ball. It moves through the desert by rolling at high speeds.
Sandshrew usually makes its home in deserts and arid zones, where rain does not fall. It digs holes to catch Bug-type Pokémon.
Sandshrew lives in areas of limited rainfall. When danger approaches, it curls up into a ball to protect its soft stomach.
When Sandshrew's skin gets wrinkled from moisture, it heads for a volcano. It lies flat on a spot with a lot of geothermal heat and dries itself out.
Sandshrew lives on snowy mountains. Its steel shell is very hard—so much so, it can't roll its body up into a ball.
An ancient tradition of Alolan festivals, still carried on to this day, is a competition to slide Sandshrew across ice as far as one can.
After fleeing a volcanic eruption, Sandshrew ended up moving to an area of snowy mountains. Its ice shell is as hard as steel.
The skin on Sandshrew's back is as hard as steel. Predators go after its soft belly, so it clings to the ground desperately.
Sandshrew's ice-covered body lets it slide across the ground with bullet-like speed, sending its enemies flying when it hits them.

Curls up into a spiny ball when threatened. Sandslash can roll while curled up to attack or escape.
Sandslash is skilled at slashing enemies with its claws. If broken, they start to grow back in a day.
Curls into a ball of sharp spikes and rolls into enemies. Sandslash is also adept at slashing with its sharp claws.
In an attempt to hide itself, Sandslash will run around at top speed to kick up a blinding dust storm.
If Sandslash digs at an incredible pace, it may snap off its spikes and claws. They grow back in a day.
Adept at climbing trees, Sandslash rolls into a spiny ball, then attacks its enemies from above.
Sandslash's body is covered by tough spikes, which are hardened sections of its hide. Once a year, the old spikes fall out, to be replaced with new spikes that grow out from beneath the old ones.
Sandslash can roll up its body as if it were a ball covered with large spikes. In battle, this Pokémon will try to make the foe flinch by jabbing it with its spines. It then leaps at the stunned foe to tear wildly with its sharp claws.
Sandslash curls up in a ball to protect itself from enemy attacks. It also curls up to prevent heatstroke during the daytime when temperatures rise sharply.
Sandslash is adept at attacking with the spines on its back and its sharp claws while quickly scurrying about.
Sandslash curls up, then rolls into foes with its back. Its sharp spines inflict severe damage.
If Sandslash digs at an incredible pace, it may snap off its spike and claws. They grow back in a day.
The spikes on Sandslash's body are made up of its hardened hide. It rolls up and attacks foes with its spikes.
Although Sandslash are sharp, its claws and spikes often break off. They grow back the next day, so it is not bothered by the temporary loss.
Sandslash uses its claws to climb trees and then curls its body into a spiny ball, ready to drop onto any prey that appears.
Sandslash's claws and horns often break off. The broken claws and horns can be used to carve plows for tilling farm fields.
Thanks to its thick claws, it's good at climbing trees. There are plenty of Sandslash that park themselves in trees and go right to sleep.
Fleeing a volcanic eruption, Sandslash settled on a snowy mountain. As it races through the snowfields, it sends up a spray of snow.
Sandslash's steel spikes are sheathed in ice. Stabs from these spikes cause deep wounds and severe frostbite as well.
Sandslash runs across snow-covered plains at high speeds. It developed thick, sharp claws to plow through the snow.
A long, long time ago, Sandslash lived in the desert. With its sharp claws fully extended, it can climb right up an iceberg without slipping.
This is Sandslash's form after adaptation to a frigid environment. The cold air emitted by its body sharpens its icy spikes.

Although small, its venomous barbs render Nidoran♀ dangerous. The female has smaller horns.
A mild-mannered Pokémon that does not like to fight. Beware, Nidoran♀'s small horns secrete venom.
Although small, Nidoran♀ should be treated with caution because of its highly toxic thorns. The female has a small horn.
The poison hidden in Nidoran♀'s small horn is extremely potent. Even a tiny scratch can have fatal results.
Although not very combative, Nidoran♀ will torment its foes with poison spikes if it is threatened in any way.
Small and very docile, Nidoran♀ protects itself with its small, poisonous horn when attacked.
Nidoran has barbs that secrete a powerful poison. They are thought to have developed as protection for this small-bodied Pokémon. When enraged, it releases a horrible toxin from its horn.
Nidoran♀'s highly toxic barbs are thought to have developed as protection for this small-bodied Pokémon. When enraged, it releases a horrible toxin from its horn.
Though small, Nidoran♀ must be treated with caution because of its powerfully toxic barbs. The female has smaller horns.
While Nidoran♀ does not prefer to fight, even one drop of the poison it secretes from its barbs can be fatal.
While Nidoran♀ does not prefer to fight, even one drop of the poison it secretes from barbs can be fatal.
Nidoran♀ has barbs that secrete a powerful poison. They are thought to have developed as protection for this small-bodied Pokémon. When enraged, it releases a horrible toxin from its horn.
A mild-mannered Pokémon that does not like to fight. Beware–Nidoran♀'s small horn secretes venom.

The female's horn develops slowly. Prefers physical attacks such as clawing and biting.
When resting deep in Nidorina's burrow, its thorns always retract. This is proof that it is relaxed.
The female is usually docile. However, if Nidorina becomes enraged, it will attack wildly with bites and scratches.
When feeding Nidorina's young, it first chews and tenderizes the food, then spits it out for the offspring.
Nidorina has a calm and caring nature. Because its horn grows slowly it prefers not to fight.
Nidorina has a docile nature. If it is threatened with attack, it raises the barbs that are all over its body.
When Nidorina are with their friends or family, they keep their barbs tucked away to prevent hurting each other. This Pokémon appears to become nervous if separated from the others.
When Nidorina is with its friends or family, its barbs are tucked away to prevent injury. It appears to become nervous if separated from the others.
The female has a gentle temperament. Nidorina emits ultrasonic cries that have the power to befuddle foes.
The female's horns develop slowly. Prefers physical attacks such as clawing and biting.
When it senses danger, it raises all the barbs on its body. These barbs grow slower than Nidorino's.
Nidorina has a calm and caring nature. Because its horn grows slowly, it prefers not to fight.
When feeding Nidorina's young, it first chews the food into a paste, then spits it out for the offspring.
When resting deep in Nidorina's burrow, its barbs always retract. This is proof that it is relaxed.

Nidoqueen's hard scales provide strong protection. It uses its hefty bulk to execute powerful moves.
Tough scales cover the sturdy body of Nidoqueen. It appears that the scales grow in cycles.
Nidoqueen's super-hard, needle-like scales stand up when excited. It uses its hefty bulk for performing powerful moves.
Nidoqueen's body is covered with needle-like scales. It never shows signs of shrinking from any attack.
Nidoqueen uses its scaly rugged body to seal the entrance of its nest and protect its young from predators.
The hard scales that cover Nidoqueen's strong body serve as excellent protection from any attack.
Nidoqueen's body is encased in extremely hard scales. It is adept at sending foes flying with harsh tackles. This Pokémon is at its strongest when it is defending its young.
Nidoqueen is adept at sending foes flying with harsh tackles using its tough, scaly body. This Pokémon is at its strongest when it is defending its young.
The body is covered by stiff, needle-like scales. If Nidoqueen becomes excited, the needles bristle outwards.
Nidoqueen's entire body is armored with hard scales. It will protect the young in its burrow with its life.
Nidoqueen uses its scaly, rugged body to seal the entrance of its nest and protect its young from predators.
Tough scales cover the sturdy body of Nidoqueen. It appears that the scales grow in cycles.

Stiffens Nidoran♂'s ears to sense danger. The larger its horns, the more powerful its secreted venom.
Nidoran♂'s large ears are always kept upright. If it senses danger, it will attack with a poisonous sting.
Nidoran♂'s large ears sense danger. It extends its toxic spikes when angry. The size of its body thorns indicates its toxicity.
Nidoran♂ is small, but its horn is filled with poison. It charges then stabs with the horn to inject poison.
Nidoran♂ raises its big ears to check its surroundings. It will strike first if it senses any danger.
Nidoran♂ constantly moves its large ears in many directions in order to detect danger right away.
The male Nidoran has developed muscles for moving its ears. Thanks to them, the ears can be freely moved in any direction. Even the slightest sound does not escape this Pokémon's notice.
The male Nidoran has developed muscles that freely move its ears in any direction. Even the slightest sound does not escape this Pokémon's notice.
Nidoran♂'s large ears are flapped like wings when it is listening to distant sounds. It extends toxic barbs when angered.
Nidoran♂ stiffens its ears to sense danger. The larger its horns, the more powerful its secreted venom.
Nidoran♂ scans its surroundings by raising its ears out of the grass. Its toxic horn is for protection.
Nidoran♂ has developed muscles for moving its ears. Thanks to them, the ears can be freely moved in any direction. Even the slightest sound does not escape this Pokémon's notice.
Nidoran♂'s large ears are always kept upright. If it senses danger, it will attack with a poisonous sting.

An aggressive Pokémon that is quick to attack. The horn on Nidorino's head secretes a powerful venom.
Nidorino's horns contain venom. If they are stabbed into an enemy, the impact makes the poison leak out.
Nidorino's horn is harder than diamond. If it punctures an enemy, it pumps powerful venom into the wound.
Nidorino raises its big ears to check its surroundings. If it senses anything, it attacks immediately.
Quick to anger, Nidorino stabs enemies with its horn to inject a powerful poison when it becomes agitated.
Nidorino is easily agitated and uses its horn for offense as soon as it notices an attacker.
Nidorino has a horn that is harder than a diamond. If it senses a hostile presence, all the barbs on its back bristle up at once, and it challenges the foe with all its might.
Nidorino's horn is harder than a diamond. If it senses a hostile presence, all the barbs on its back bristle up at once, and it challenges the foe with all its might.
Nidorino is easily angered. By swinging its well-developed horn wildly, it can even punch through diamond.
Nidorino has a violent disposition and stabs foes with its horn, which oozes poison upon impact.
Nidorino's horn contains venom. If it stabs an enemy with the horn, the impact makes the poison leak out.

Nidoking uses its powerful tail in battle to smash, constrict, then break the prey's bones.
Nidoking's steel-like hide adds to its powerful tackle. Its horns are so hard, they can pierce a diamond.
Has a rock-hard hide that is worn like armor. The long horn on Nidoking's head is sharp and highly venomous.
Nidoking swings its big tail around during battle. If its foe flinches, it will charge with its sturdy body.
Nidoking's tail is thick and powerful. If it binds an enemy, it can snap the victim's spine quite easily.
Nidoking uses its thick arms, legs and tail to attack forcefully. Melee combat is its specialty.
Nidoking's thick tail packs enormously destructive power. With one swing, it can topple a metal transmission tower. Once this Pokémon goes on a rampage, there is no stopping it.
A Nidoking's thick tail packs enormously destructive power capable of toppling a metal transmission tower. Once it goes on a rampage, there is no stopping it.
Nidoking is recognized by its rock-hard hide and its extended horn. Be careful with the horn as it contains venom.
One swing of Nidoking's mighty tail can snap a telephone pole as if it were a matchstick.
Nidoking is recognized by its rock-hard hide and its extended horn. Be careful with the horn, as it contains venom.
Nidoking's steel-like hide adds to its powerful tackle. Its horns are so hard, they can pierce a diamond.

Clefairy's magical and cute appeal has many admirers. It is rare and found only in certain areas.
Adored for Clefairy's cute looks and playfulness. They are thought to be rare, as they do not appear often.
Because of Clefairy's adorable nature, it is in high demand as a pet. However, it is rare and found only in limited areas.
The moonlight that Clefairy stores in the wings on its back apparently gives it the ability to float in midair.
Clefairy's adorable behavior and cry make it highly popular. However, this cute Pokémon is rarely found.
Though rarely seen, Clefairy becomes easier to spot, for some reason, on the night of a full moon.
On every night of a full moon, groups of this Pokémon come out to play. When dawn arrives, the tired Clefairy return to their quiet mountain retreats and go to sleep nestled up against each other.
On every night of a full moon, they come out to play. When dawn arrives, the tired Clefairy go to sleep nestled up against each other in deep and quiet mountains.
Clefairy's adorable appearance makes it popular as a pet. However, it is rare and difficult to find.
With Clefairy's magical and cute appeal, it has many admirers. It is rare and found only in certain areas.
Thought to live with others on quiet mountains, Clefairy is popular for its adorable nature.
Clefairy flies using the wings on its back to collect moonlight. This Pokémon is difficult to find.
It is said that happiness will come to those who see a gathering of Clefairy dancing under a full moon.
On nights with a full moon, Clefairy gather from all over and dance. Bathing in moonlight makes them float.
Clefairy's adorable behavior and appearance make it popular with men and women, young and old. Its numbers are few, however.
On nights with a full moon, Clefairy gather together and dance. The surrounding area is enveloped in an abnormal magnetic field.
Clefairy're popular, but they're rare. Trainers who show them off recklessly may be targeted by thieves.
Bathed in moonlight, its wings glow faintly. Without even flapping, Clefairy rises into the air, where it dances around.
Clefairy's adorable behavior and cry make it highly popular. However, this cute Pokémon is rarely found.

A timid fairy Pokémon that is rarely seen. Clefable will run and hide the moment it senses people.
Clefable appear to be very protective of their own world. It is a kind of fairy, rarely seen by people.
Clefable's ears are very sensitive, so it does not like loud noises or busy places. Will not come out in front of people.
With Clefable's acute hearing, it can pick up sounds from far away. It usually hides in quiet places.
Clefable's very sensitive ears let it distinguish distant sounds. As a result, it prefers quiet places.
Said to live in quiet, remote mountains, this type of fairy has a strong aversion to being seen.
Clefable moves by skipping lightly as if it were flying using its wings. Its bouncy step lets it even walk on water. It is known to take strolls on lakes on quiet, moonlit nights.
A Clefable uses its wings to skip lightly as if it were flying. Its bouncy step lets it even walk on water. On quiet, moonlit nights, it strolls on lakes.
Clefable has an acute sense of hearing. It can easily hear a pin being dropped nearly 1,100 yards away.
A timid fairy Pokémon that is rarely seen, Clefable will run and hide the moment it senses people.
Rarely seen by people, Clefable is said to be drawn by the full moon to play at deserted lakes.
Clefable's hearing is so acute it can hear a pin drop over a half a mile. It lives on quiet mountains.
Clefable is very wary and rarely shows itself to people. Its ears can hear a pin drop over half a mile away.
Their ears are sensitive enough to hear a pin drop from over a mile away, so Clefable're usually found in quiet places.
Clefable's hearing is so acute it can hear a pin drop over half a mile away. It lives on quiet mountains.
Clefable moves by skipping lightly as if it were flying using its wings. Its bouncy step even lets it walk on water. It is known to take strolls on lakes on quiet, moonlit nights.
Clefable don't like to reveal themselves in front of people. They live quietly in packs deep in the mountains.
According to tradition, people who see a pair of Clefable skipping by can look forward to a happy marriage.
Clefable can't help but hear a pin drop from over half a mile away, so it lives deep in the mountains where there aren't many people or Pokémon.
Some scientists believe that Clefable gazes intently at the sky on nights with a full moon because it's homesick.
Their ears are sensitive enough to hear a pin drop from over a mile away, so Clefable're usually found in quiet places.

At the time of birth, Vulpix has just one tail. The tail splits from its tip as it grows older.
Both Vulpix's fur and its tails are beautiful. As it grows, the tails split and form more tails.
A single, white-colored tail splits into six beautiful tails. As Vulpix grows older, it grows even more tails.
As Vulpix develops, its single white tail gains color and splits into six. It is quite warm and cuddly.
If Vulpix is attacked by an enemy that is stronger than itself, it feigns injury to fool the enemy and escapes.
As Vulpix's body grows larger, its six warm tails become more beautiful, with a more luxurious coat of fur.
At the time of its birth, Vulpix has one white tail. The tail separates into six if this Pokémon receives plenty of love from its Trainer. The six tails become magnificently curled.
Inside Vulpix's body burns a flame that never goes out. During the daytime, when the temperatures rise, this Pokémon releases flames from its mouth to prevent its body from growing too hot.
Vulpix can freely control fire, making fiery orbs fly like will-o'-the-wisps. Just before evolution, its six tails grow hot as if on fire.
While young, Vulpix has six gorgeous tails. When it grows, several new tails are sprouted.
When Vulpix is born, it has just one snow-white tail. The tail splits from its tip as it grows older.
Vulpix controls balls of fire. As it grows, its six tails split from their tips to make more tails.
As each tail grows, Vulpix's fur becomes more lustrous. When held, it feels slightly warm.
At the time of its birth, Vulpix has one white tail. The tail separates into six if this Pokémon receives plenty of love from its trainer. The six tails become magnificently curled.
Vulpix's beautiful fur and tails have made it very popular. As it grows, its tails split to form more tails.
From Vulpix's mouth spew flames that seem to resemble the spirits of the deceased. Some people mistakenly think this fire is a ghost.
Vulpix's beautiful tails have made it very popular. However, if it's not brushed diligently, it will be a mass of tangles before you know it.
Vulpix manipulates balls of fire to catch its prey. If you raise one from when it's young, it will grow close to you like a puppy Pokémon.
Vulpix exhales air colder than -58 degrees Fahrenheit. Elderly people in Alola call this Pokémon by an older name—Keokeo.
In hot weather, Vulpix makes ice shards with its six tails and sprays them around to cool itself off.
If you carelessly approach Vulpix because it's cute, the boss of the pack, Ninetales, will appear and freeze you.
Vulpix live together in a skulk, helping one another. Before eating their prey, they freeze it solid with their –58 degree Fahrenheit breath.
Vulpix looks like snow come to life, and the breath it exhales is –58 degrees Fahrenheit. Another name for it is Keokeo.
After long years in the ever-snowcapped mountains of Alola, this Vulpix has gained power over ice.
If you observe Vulpix's curly hairs through a microscope, you'll see small ice particles springing up.

Very smart and very vengeful. Grabbing one of Ninetales's many tails could result in a 1000-year curse.
According to an enduring legend, 9 noble saints were united and reincarnated as Ninetales.
Ninetales is extremely vindictive. It is said to lay a 1,000-year long curse if its tail is pulled as a joke.
Some legends claim that each of Ninetales's nine tails has its own unique type of special mystic power.
Ninetales's nine beautiful tails are filled with a wondrous energy that could keep it alive for 1,000 years.
Ninetales is said to live a thousand years, and each of its tails is loaded with supernatural powers.
Ninetales casts a sinister light from its bright red eyes to gain total control over its foe's mind. This Pokémon is said to live for a thousand years.
Legend has it that Ninetales came into being when nine wizards possessing sacred powers merged into one. This Pokémon is highly intelligent - it can understand human speech.
It has long been said that each of the nine tails embody an enchanted power. A long-lived Ninetales will have fur that shines like gold.
Ninetales has nine long tails and fur that gleams gold. It is said to live for 1,000 years.
Very smart and very vengeful. Grabbing one of Ninetales's many tails could result in a 1,000-year curse.
Ninetales's nine tails are said to be imbued with a mystic power. It can live for a thousand years.
Each of Ninetales's nine tails is imbued with supernatural power, and it can live for a thousand years.
Very smart and very vengeful. Grabbing one of Ninetales's many tails could result in a 1,000 year curse.
Ninetales casts a sinister light from its bright red eyes to gain total control over its foe's mind. This Pokémon is said to live for one thousand years.
Legend has it that Ninetales came into being when nine wizards possessing sacred powers merged into one. This Pokémon is highly intelligent—it can understand human speech.
Legend has it that Ninetales was formed when nine saints coalesced into one.
Said to live for a thousand years, Ninetales uses its supernatural abilities to manipulate fire. It can burn its prey to a crisp as it pleases.
Ninetales is vindictive and relentless by nature. Those who cross it even once will be cursed for a thousand years, along with their descendants.
The flickering flames Ninetales spews from its mouth leave its opponents hypnotized. Then, this extremely intelligent Pokémon attacks.
According to an enduring legend, nine noble saints were united and reincarnated as Ninetales.
Ninetales is said to live 1,000 years, and each of its tails is loaded with supernatural powers.
Ninetales creates drops of ice in its coat and showers them over its enemies. Anyone who angers it will be frozen stiff in an instant.
Possessing a calm demeanor, this Pokémon was revered as a deity incarnate before it was identified as a regional variant of Ninetales.
The reason Ninetales guides people all the way down to the mountain's base is that it wants them to hurry up and leave.
Some said that deities visited mountains where Ninetales live, so in times long past, no one was allowed to go into those mountains.
Ninetales lives on mountains perpetually covered in snow and is revered as a deity incarnate. It appears draped in a blizzard.
A deity resides in the snowy mountains where Ninetales lives. In ancient times, it was worshiped as that deity's incarnation.
While Ninetales will guide travelers who get lost on a snowy mountain down to the mountain's base, it won't forgive anyone who harms nature.

When Jigglypuff's huge eyes light up, it sings a mysteriously soothing melody that lulls its enemies to sleep.
Uses Jigglypuff's alluring eyes to enrapture its foe. It then sings a pleasing melody that lulls the foe to sleep.
Jigglypuff mesmerizes with its large, round eyes and sings a soothing melody. Pokémon hearing this song fall asleep.
If Jigglypuff inflates to sing a lullaby, it can perform longer and cause sure drowsiness in its audience.
Looking into Jigglypuff's cute, round eyes causes it to sing a relaxing melody, inducing its enemies to sleep.
Jigglypuff rolls its cute eyes as it sings a soothing lullaby. Its gentle song puts anyone who hears it to sleep.
Jigglypuff's vocal chords can freely adjust the wavelength of its voice. This Pokémon uses this ability to sing at precisely the right wavelength to make its foes most drowsy.
When this Pokémon sings, it never pauses to breathe. If it is in a battle against an opponent that does not easily fall asleep, Jigglypuff cannot breathe, endangering its life.
Nothing can avoid falling asleep hearing a Jigglypuff's song. The sound waves of its singing voice match the brain waves of someone in a deep sleep.
Jigglypuff captivates foes with its huge, round eyes, then lulls them to sleep by singing a soothing melody.
When Jigglypuff wavers its big, round eyes, it begins singing a lullaby that makes everyone drowsy.
Looking into Jigglypuff's cute, round eyes makes it start singing a song so pleasant listeners can't help but fall asleep.
Jigglypuff's vocal cords can freely adjust the wavelength of its voice. This Pokémon uses this ability to sing at precisely the right wavelength to make its foes most drowsy.
Jigglypuff hugely inflates its stomach and sings a mysterious melody. If you hear this melody, you'll become sleepy right away.
Jigglypuff possess a vocal range that exceeds 12 octaves, but each individual's singing skill depends on its own effort.
Recordings of Jigglypuff's strange lullabies can be purchased from department stores. These CDs can be found near the bedding area.
The songs Jigglypuff sing are totally different depending on the region they live in.
Uses Jigglypuff's cute round eyes to enrapture its foe. It then sings a pleasing melody that lulls the foe to sleep.

The body is soft and rubbery. When angered, Wigglytuff will suck in air and inflate itself to an enormous size.
Wigglytuff's body is full of elasticity. By inhaling deeply, it can continue to inflate itself without limit.
Wigglytuff's soft and supple skin allows it to expand like a balloon. If it gets angry, it inhales and inflates itself steadily.
Their fur feels so good that if two of Wigglytuff snuggle together, they won't want to be separated.
Wigglytuff has a very fine fur. Take care not to make it angry, or it may inflate steadily and hit with a Body Slam.
The rich, fluffy fur that covers Wigglytuff's body feels so good that anyone who feels it can't stop touching it.
Wigglytuff has large, saucerlike eyes. The surfaces of its eyes are always covered with a thin layer of tears. If any dust gets in this Pokémon's eyes, it is quickly washed away.
Wigglytuff's body is very flexible. By inhaling deeply, this Pokémon can inflate itself seemingly without end. Once inflated, Wigglytuff bounces along lightly like a balloon.
Its fur is the ultimate in luxuriousness. Sleeping alongside a Wigglytuff is simply divine. Its body expands seemingly without end when it inhales.
Wigglytuff's fur is extremely fine, dense, and supple. The exquisitely pleasant fur conveys an image of luxury.
Wigglytuff's fine fur feels sublime to the touch. It can expand its body by inhaling air.
Wigglytuff has a very fine fur. Take care not to make it angry, or it may inflate steadily and hit with a body slam.
Wigglytuff's fine fur feels so pleasant, those who accidentally touch it cannot take their hands away.
Wigglytuff sheds its fine fur when the seasons change. The fur is gathered and spun into a luxurious yarn.
As it inhales, it expands...and expands...and expands. Wigglytuff compete to see which one can inflate itself the most.
Thanks to its bouncy body and fine fur, Wigglytuff is sought after. Holding one in your arms while you sleep feels great.
When Wigglytuff gets angry, it inhales with all its might, and its body gradually inflates.
Wigglytuff's body is very elastic. By inhaling deeply, it can continue to inflate itself without limit.

Forms colonies in perpetually dark places. Uses ultrasonic waves to identify and approach targets.
Emits ultrasonic cries while Zubat flies. They act as a sonar used to check for objects in its way.
Zubat has neither eyes nor a nose. It emits ultrasonic cries that bounce back to its large ears, enabling it to fly safely.
While flying, Zubat constantly emits ultrasonic waves from its mouth to check its surroundings.
Capable of flying safely in dark places, Zubat emits ultrasonic cries to check for any obstacles.
During the day, Zubat gathers with others and hangs from the ceilings of old buildings and caves.
Zubat remains quietly unmoving in a dark spot during the bright daylight hours. It does so because prolonged exposure to the sun causes its body to become slightly burned.
Zubat avoids sunlight because exposure causes it to become unhealthy. During the daytime, it stays in caves or under the eaves of old houses, sleeping while hanging upside down.
While living in pitch-black caverns, their eyes gradually grew shut and deprived Zubat of vision. They use ultrasonic waves to detect obstacles.
Zubat has no eyes. Instead, it relies on its ultrasonic cries for echo location to flit about in darkness.
Zubat forms colonies in perpetually dark places and uses ultrasonic waves to identify and approach targets.
Even though Zubat has no eyes, it can sense obstacles using ultrasonic waves it emits from it mouth.
Disliking sunlight , Zubat sleeps deep in forests and caves until sundown.
Zubat checks its surroundings and location using reflections of the ultrasonic waves from its mouth.
Zubat does not need eyes, because it emits ultrasonic waves to check its surroundings while it flies.
Zubat has no eyes. Instead, it relies on its ultrasonic cries for echolocation to flit about in darkness.
Zubat sleeps in caves during the day. It has no eyes, so to check its surroundings while flying, it emits ultrasonic waves.
When exposed to sunlight, Zubat suffer burns. The frequency of their ultrasonic waves can differ slightly from colony to colony.
Zubat has no eyeballs, so it can't see. It checks its surroundings via the ultrasonic waves it emits from its mouth.
Their skin is so thin that Zubat'll be burned if sunlight hits them. When it gets cold out, they gather together to warm one another's bodies.
Emits ultrasonic cries while Zubat flies. They act as a sonar used to check for objects in its way.

Once Golbat strikes, it will not stop draining energy from the victim even if it gets too heavy to fly.
Golbat attacks in a stealthy manner, without warning. Its sharp fangs are used to bite and suck blood.
Bites Golbat's prey and feeds on the victim's energy. Its own blood type changes to that of its victim.
However hard Golbat's victim's hide may be, it punctures with sharp fangs and gorges itself with blood.
Golbat can drink more than 10 ounces of blood at once. If it has too much, it gets heavy and flies clumsily.
When Golbat plunges its fangs into its prey, it instantly draws and gulps down more than ten ounces of blood.
Golbat loves to drink the blood of living things. It is particularly active in the pitch black of night. This Pokémon flits around in the night skies, seeking fresh blood.
Golbat bites down on prey with its four fangs and drinks the victim's blood. It becomes active on inky dark moonless nights, flying around to attack people and Pokémon.
Golbat's fangs easily puncture even thick animal hide. It loves to feast on the blood of people and Pokémon. It flits about in darkness and strikes from behind.
Golbat clamps down on its prey with needle-sharp fangs and drains over 10 ounces of blood in one gulp.
Golbat loves the blood of humans and Pokémon. It flies around at night in search of neck veins.
Once Golbat starts sucking blood, it does not stop until it is full. It flies at night in search of prey.
Golbat's sharp fangs puncture the toughest of hides and have small holes for greedily sucking blood.
Flitting around in the dead of night, Golbat sinks its fangs into its prey and drains a nearly fatal amount of blood.
Once Golbat bites, it will not stop draining energy from the victim even if it gets too heavy to fly.
Golbat's thick fangs are hollow like straws, making them unexpectedly fragile. These fangs are specialized for sucking blood.
Sometimes Golbat drink so much blood, they can't fly anymore. Then they fall to the ground and become food for other Pokémon.
Every once in a while, you'll see a Golbat that's missing some fangs. This happens when hunger drives it to try biting a Steel-type Pokémon.
Golbat can suck down over 10 ounces of blood in one go. They have been known to drink so much blood that they can no longer fly.
Golbat attacks in a stealthy manner, without warning. Its sharp fangs are used to bite and to suck blood.

During the day, Oddish keeps its face buried in the ground. At night, it wanders around sowing its seeds.
Oddish may be mistaken for a clump of weeds. If you try to yank it out of the ground, it shrieks horribly.
Burrows underground in the day, exposing only Oddish's leaves. It is said to scream loudly if anyone tries to yank it out.
Awakened by moonlight, Oddish roams actively at night. In the day it stays quietly underground.
If exposed to moonlight, Oddish starts to move. It roams far and wide at night to scatter its seeds.
During the day, Oddish stays in the cold underground to avoid the sun. It grows by bathing in moonlight.
Awakened by moonlight, Oddish roams actively at night. In the day, it stays quietly underground.
During the daytime, Oddish buries itself in soil to absorb nutrients from the ground using its entire body. The more fertile the soil, the glossier its leaves become.
Oddish searches for fertile, nutrient-rich soil, then plants itself. During the daytime, while it is planted, this Pokémon's feet are thought to change shape and become similar to the roots of trees.
Oddish grows by absorbing moonlight. During the daytime, it buries itself in the ground, leaving only its leaves exposed to avoid detection by its enemies.
Oddish's scientific name is "Oddium Wanderus." At night, it is said to walk nearly 1,000 feet on its two roots.
Oddish often plants its root feet in the ground during the day and sows seeds as it walks about at night.
Oddish searches for fertile, nutrient-rich soil, then plants itself. During the daytime, while it is planted, this Pokémon's feet are thought to change shape and become similar to the roots of trees..
During the day, Oddish stays in the cold underground to avoid the sun. It grows by bathing in moonlight.

The fluid that oozes from Gloom's mouth isn't drool. It is a nectar that is used to attract prey.
Smells incredibly foul! However, around 1 out of 1,000 people enjoy sniffing Gloom's nose-bending stink.
The horrible-smelling pistil of this flower stinks over a mile away. Unwittingly inhaled, Gloom can cause fainting.
What appears to be drool is actually sweet honey. Gloom is very sticky and clings stubbornly if touched.
Gloom secretes a sticky, drool-like honey. Although sweet, it smells too repulsive to get very close.
The smell from Gloom's drool-like syrup and the pollen on its petals is so bad, it may make opponents faint.
Gloom releases a foul fragrance from the pistil of its flower. When faced with danger, the stench worsens. If this Pokémon is feeling calm and secure, it does not release its usual stinky aroma.
From its mouth Gloom drips honey that smells absolutely horrible. Apparently, it loves the horrid stench. It sniffs the noxious fumes and then drips even more of its honey.
A horribly noxious honey drools from Gloom's mouth. One whiff of the honey can result in memory loss. Some fans are said to enjoy this overwhelming stink, however.
Gloom's pistils exude an incredibly foul odor. The horrid stench can cause fainting at a distance of 1.25 miles.
The honey Gloom drools from its mouth smells so atrocious, it can curl noses more than a mile away.
Smells incredibly foul! However, around one out of a thousand people enjoy sniffing Gloom's nose-bending stink.
From its mouth Gloom drips honey that smells absolutely horrible. Apparently, it loves the horrid stench. It sniffs the noxious fumes and then drools even more of its honey.
What appears to be drool is actually sweet honey. Gloom is very sticky and clings stubbornly if touched.

The larger Vileplume's petals, the more toxic pollen it contains. Its big head is heavy and hard to hold up.
Flaps Vileplume's broad flower petals to scatter its poisonous pollen. The flapping sound is very loud.
Scatters allergy-causing pollen from Vileplume's broad petals. The larger the petals, the more pollen is scattered.
Vileplume has the world's largest petals. With every step, the petals shake out heavy clouds of toxic pollen.
The bud bursts into bloom with a bang. Vileplume then starts scattering allergenic, poisonous pollen.
By shaking Vileplume's big petals, it scatters toxic pollen into the air, turning the air yellow.
Vileplume's toxic pollen triggers atrocious allergy attacks. That's why it is advisable never to approach any attractive flowers in a jungle, however pretty they may be.
Vileplume has the world's largest petals. They are used to attract prey that are then doused with toxic spores. Once the prey are immobilized, this Pokémon catches and devours them.
In seasons when it produces more pollen, the air around a Vileplume turns yellow with the powder as it walks. The pollen is highly toxic and causes paralysis.
Vileplume's petals are the largest in the world. It fiendishly scatters allergy-causing pollen from its petals.
Vileplume's petals are the largest in the world. As it walks, it scatters extremely allergenic pollen.
The larger Vileplume's petals, the more toxic pollen it contains. Its big head is heavy and hard to hold up.

Burrows to suck tree roots. The mushrooms on Paras's back grow by drawing nutrients from the bug host.
Burrows under the ground to gnaw on tree roots. The mushrooms on Paras's back absorb most of the nutrition.
Grows by sucking nutrients from the roots of trees. The mushrooms on Paras's back grow by drawing extracts from the bug host.
Paras is doused with mushroom spores when it is born. As its body grows, mushrooms sprout from its back.
As Paras's body grows large, oriental mushrooms called tochukaso start sprouting out of its back.
The tochukaso growing on Paras's back orders it to extract juice from tree trunks.
Paras has parasitic mushrooms growing on its back called tochukaso. They grow large by drawing nutrients from this Bug/Grass Pokémon host. They are highly valued as a medicine for extending life.
A Paras has parasitic tochukaso mushrooms growing on its back. They grow by drawing nutrients from the host. They are valued as a medicine for long life.
Growing out of the bug's back are mushrooms called tochukaso. The mushrooms grow with the bug host.
Mushrooms named tochukaso grow on its back. They grow along with the host Paras.
As Paras's body grows, large mushrooms named tochukaso start sprouting out of its back.
Paras has parasitic mushrooms growing on its back called tochukaso. They grow large by drawing nutrients from this Bug Pokémon host. They are highly valued as a medicine for extending life.
No matter how much Paras eats, the mushrooms growing on its back steal away most of the nutrients it consumes.
Mushrooms called tochukaso sprout from Paras's back. They can be dried and powdered to make a medicine used to extend life.
Whether it's due to a lack of moisture or a lack of nutrients, in Alola the mushrooms on Paras don't grow up quite right.
The mushrooms, known as tochukaso, are controlling the bug. Even if the bug bugs the mushrooms, Paras tell it to bug off.
Burrows under the ground to gnaw on tree roots. The mushrooms on Paras's back absorb most of the nutrition.

A host-parasite pair in which the parasite mushroom has taken over the host bug. Prefers damp places.
The bug host is drained of energy by the mushrooms on Parasect's back. They appear to do all the thinking.
The bug host is controlled by the mushrooms that scatter poisonous spores. The spores are sometimes used as medicine in China.
Parasect stays mostly in dark, damp places, the preference not of the bug, but of the big mushrooms on its back.
The larger the mushroom on Parasect's back grows , the stronger the mushroom spores it scatters.
When nothing's left to extract from the bug, the mushrooms on Parasect's back leave spores on the bug's egg.
Parasect is known to infest large trees en masse and drain nutrients from the lower trunk and roots. When an infested tree dies, they move onto another tree all at once.
Parasect are known to infest the roots of large trees en masse and drain nutrients. When an infested tree dies, they move onto another tree all at once.
Parasect scatters toxic spores from the mushroom cap. In China, the spores are used as herbal medicine.
A mushroom grown larger than the host's body controls Parasect. It scatters poisonous spores.
Parasect is controlled by a mushroom grown larger than the bug body. It is said to prefer damp places.
The large mushroom on Parasect's back controls it. It often fights over territory with Shiinotic.
Parasect scatters toxic spores from its mushroom cap. Once harvested, these spores can be steeped and boiled down to prepare herbal medicines.
The bug is mostly dead, with the mushroom on Parasect's back having become the main body. If the mushroom comes off, the bug stops moving.
Parasect's poisonous spores are also used in traditional medicine. Apparently, spores produced in Alola are not of very good quality.
The bug host is drained of energy by the mushrooms on Parasect's back. The mushroom appears to do all the thinking.

Lives in the shadows of tall trees where Venonat eats insects. It is attracted by light at night.
Venonat's large eyes act as radars. In a bright place, you can see that they are clusters of many tiny eyes.
Uses Venonat's large, radar-like eyes to move around in darkness. It is instinctively attracted to light.
Venonat's eyes also function as radar units. It catches and eats small bugs that hide in darkness.
Poison oozes from all over Venonat's body. It catches and eats small bugs at night that are attracted by light.
The small bugs Venonat eats appear only at night, so it sleeps in a hole in a tree until night falls.
Venonat is said to have evolved with a coat of thin, stiff hair that covers its entire body for protection. It possesses large eyes that never fail to spot even minuscule prey.
Venonat's coat of thin, stiff hair that covers its entire body is said to have evolved for protection. Its large eyes never fail to spot even miniscule prey.
Venonat's eyes act as radar, enabling it to be active in darkness. The eyes can also shoot powerful beams.
Lives in the shadows of tall trees where Venonat eats bugs. It is attracted by light at night.
Venonat's big eyes are actually clusters of tiny eyes. At night, its kind is drawn by light.
Venonat is said to have evolved with a coat of thin, stiff hair that covers its entire body for protection. It possesses large eyes that never fail to spot even miniscule prey.
Venonat's large eyes act as a radar. In a bright place, you can see that they are clusters of many tiny eyes.

The dust-like scales covering Venomoth's wings are color coded to indicate the kinds of poison it has.
The powdery scales on Venomoth's wings are hard to remove. They also contain poison that leaks out on contact.
The powder on Venomoth's wings is poisonous. It scatters the powder with every flap, so you may be poisoned if you are downwind.
When Venomoth attacks, it flaps its large wings violently to scatter its poisonous powder all around.
The powder on Venomoth's wings is poisonous if it is dark in color. If it is light, it causes paralysis.
The scales Venomoth scatters will paralyze anyone who touches them, making that person unable to stand.
Venomoth is nocturnal - it is a Pokémon that only becomes active at night. Its favorite prey are small insects that gather around streetlights, attracted by the light in the darkness.
Venomoth are nocturnal — they only are active at night. Their favorite prey are insects that gather around streetlights, attracted by the light in the darkness.
The wings are covered with dustlike scales. Every time Venomoth flaps its wings, it looses highly toxic dust.
The dustlike scales covering Venomoth's wings are color-coded to indicate the kinds of poison it has.
Venomoth flutters its wings to scatter dustlike scales. The scales leach toxins if they contact skin.
The powder on Venomoth's wings is poisonous if it is dark in hue. If it is light in hue, it causes paralysis.
Venomoth is nocturnal—it is a Pokémon that only becomes active at night. Its favorite prey are small insects that gather around streetlights, attracted by the light in the darkness.
The powdery scales on Venomoth's wings are hard to remove from skin. They also contain poison that leaks out on contact.

Lives about one yard underground where Diglett feeds on plant roots. It sometimes appears above ground.
Diglett prefers dark places. It spends most of its time underground, though it may pop up in caves.
Diglett's head pokes up approximately eight inches out of the ground. However, its real size remains a mystery to this day.
Diglett's skin is very thin. If it is exposed to light, its blood heats up, causing it to grow weak.
If a Diglett digs through a field, it leaves the soil perfectly tilled and ideal for planting crops.
Diglett digs underground and chews on tree roots, sticking its head out only when the sun isn't bright.
Diglett are raised in most farms. The reason is simple - wherever this Pokémon burrows, the soil is left perfectly tilled for planting crops. This soil is made ideal for growing delicious vegetables.
Diglett are raised in most farms. The reason is simple — wherever they burrow, the soil is left perfectly tilled for growing delicious crops.
Diglett burrows through the ground at a shallow depth. It leaves raised earth in its wake, making it easy to spot.
Lives about one yard underground where Diglett feeds on plant roots. It sometimes appears aboveground.
A Pokémon that lives underground. Because of Diglett's dark habitat, it is repelled by bright sunlight.
Diglett are raised in most farms. The reason is simple—wherever this Pokémon burrows, the soil is left perfectly tilled for planting crops. This soil is made ideal for growing delicious vegetables.
Diglett chews on plant roots underground. Farmers whose vegetables are vulnerable find it can be quite a pest.
Many farmers cherish and nurture Diglett because its droppings enrich the soil it lives in.
Diglett travels through tunnels that it digs underground. It hates sunlight, so it comes out only after the sun goes down.
Around their crops, farmers plant the kind of tree that Diglett like to eat as a way of getting Diglett to plow the fields for them.
Diglett's head sports an altered form of whiskers made of metal. When in communication with its comrades, its whiskers wobble to and fro.
Diglett's golden hairs function as sensors. It pokes them out of its burrow to monitor its surroundings.
Although Diglett's powerful enough to dig right through volcanic rock, it doesn't allow itself to be seen very often.
The need to dig through volcanic rock in the ground has made them more powerful than the Diglett of other regions.
After living in soil with high iron content for some time, three steel whiskers sprouted from the top of Diglett's head.
The metal-rich geology of Diglett's habitat caused it to develop steel whiskers on its head.
Its three hairs change shape depending on Diglett's mood. They're a useful communication tool among these Pokémon.

A team of Diglett triplets. Dugtrio triggers huge earthquakes by burrowing 60 miles underground.
A team of triplets that can burrow over 60 MPH. Due to this, some people think Dugtrio's an earthquake.
Diglett triplets that always travel together. Known to burrow more than 60 miles underground and trigger quakes.
Dugtrio's three heads bob separately up and down to loosen the soil nearby, making it easier for it to burrow.
Extremely powerful, Dugtrio can dig through even the hardest ground to a depth of over 60 miles.
These Diglett triplets dig over 60 miles below sea level. No one knows what Dugtrio's like underground.
Dugtrio are actually triplets that emerged from one body. As a result, each triplet thinks exactly like the other two triplets. They work cooperatively to burrow endlessly.
Because the triplets originally split from one body, Dugtrio think exactly alike. They work cooperatively to burrow endlessly through the ground.
In battle, Dugtrio digs through the ground and strikes the unsuspecting foe from an unexpected direction.
Dugtrio's three heads move alternately, driving it through tough soil to depths of over 60 miles.
This set of triplets moves cooperatively. It's the power of teamwork that enables Dugtrio to dig to a depth of 60 miles.
Despite the closeness between Dugtrio and farmers and other people, no one has ever seen the parts of it concealed underground.
While the three of Dugtrio normally get along splendidly, on rare occasions a huge fight will break out over which head gets to eat first.
Dugtrio's heads are sleek and smooth and incredibly hard. It can dig through any soil with its headbutts.
A team of triplets that can burrow to a depth of 60 miles. Dugtrio's reported that this triggers an earthquake.
Dugtrio's shining gold hair provides it with protection. It's reputed that keeping any of its fallen hairs will bring bad luck.
These Pokémon are cherished in the Alola region, where Dugtrio are thought to be feminine deities of the land incarnate.
Dugtrio's metallic whiskers are heavy, so it's not very fast, but it has the power to dig through bedrock.
Dugtrio's shining gold whiskers are advanced sensors that can detect vibrations from sounds several miles away.
Dugtrio're referred to as triplets, but they're not identical–the metallic elements in their bodies differ slightly.
Their beautiful, metallic whiskers create a sort of protective helmet on their heads, and Dugtrio also function as highly precise sensors.
The three of Dugtrio get along very well. Through their formidable teamwork, they defeat powerful opponents.

Adores circular objects. Wanders the streets on a nightly basis to look for dropped loose change.
Appears to be more active at night. Meowth loves round and shiny things. It can't stop from picking them up.
Sleeps in the daytime. At night, Meowth's eyes glow as it happily collects coins, its favorite things.
Meowth is fascinated by round objects. It can't stop playing with them until it tires and falls asleep.
Meowth loves anything that shines. It especially adores coins that it picks up and secretly hoards.
Meowth loves things that sparkle. When it sees a shiny object, the gold coin on its head shines too.
Meowth is fascinated with round objects. It can't stop playing with them until it tires and falls asleep.
Meowth withdraws its sharp claws into its paws to slinkily sneak about without making any incriminating footsteps. For some reason, this Pokémon loves shiny coins that glitter with light.
Meowth withdraw their sharp claws into their paws to silently sneak about. For some reason, this Pokémon loves shiny coins that glitter with light.
All Meowth does is sleep during the daytime. At night, it patrols its territory with its eyes aglow.
Adores round objects. Meowth wanders the streets on a nightly basis to look for dropped loose change.
Meowth is nocturnal in nature. If it spots something shiny, its eyes glitter brightly.
Meowth lies around all day, becoming active near dusk. At night, it wanders the city in search of loose change.
Meowth loves shiny things. It often fights with Murkrow over prey they're both trying to catch.
When visiting a junkyard, you may catch sight of Meowth having an intense fight with Murkrow over shiny objects.
It loves coins, so if you give it one, you can make friends with Meowth easily. But it's fickle, so you can't count on that friendship lasting.
Appears to be more active at night. Meowth loves round and shiny things. It can't stop itself from picking them up.
Meowth loves to collect shiny things. If it's in a good mood, it might even let its Trainer have a look at its hoard of treasures.
It washes its face regularly to keep the coin on its forehead spotless. It doesn't get along with Galarian Meowth.
Meowth was not originally found in Alola. Human actions caused a surge in their numbers, and they went feral. They're prideful and crafty.
When Meowth's delicate pride is wounded, or when the gold coin on its forehead is dirtied, it flies into a hysterical rage.
Meowth's impulsive, selfish, and fickle. It's very popular with some Trainers who like giving it the attention it needs.
A royal house that flourished in the distant past brought it here from another region. Meowth is both selfish and prideful.
Highly intelligent and prideful, Meowth's famously difficult to handle–but that's also a reason for its popularity.
Meowth's accustomed to luxury because it used to live with Alolan royalty. As a result, it's very picky about food.
Deeply proud and keenly smart, Meowth moves with cunning during battle and relentlessly attacks enemies' weak points.
Living with a savage, seafaring people has toughened Meowth's body so much that parts of it have turned to iron.
These daring Pokémon have coins on their foreheads. Darker coins are harder, and harder coins garner more respect among Meowth.
The pattern that has appeared on Meowth's giant coin is thought to be the key to unlocking the secrets of the Dynamax phenomenon.
Meowth's body has grown incredibly long and the coin on its forehead has grown incredibly large—all thanks to Gigantamax power.

Although Persian's fur has many admirers, it is tough to raise as a pet because of its fickle meanness.
The gem in Persian's forehead glows on its own! It walks with all the grace and elegance of a proud queen.
Persian is highly regarded as a pet for its beautiful fur. However, it is extremely temperamental and difficult to keep.
Many adore Persian for its sophisticated air. However, it will lash out and scratch for little reason.
Persian's lithe muscles allow it to walk without making a sound. It attacks in an instant.
Behind Persian's lithe, elegant appearance lies a barbaric side. It will tear apart its prey on a mere whim.
Persian has six bold whiskers that give it a look of toughness. The whiskers sense air movements to determine what is in the Pokémon's surrounding vicinity. It becomes docile if grabbed by the whiskers.
A Persian's six bold whiskers sense air movements to determine what is in its vicinity. It becomes docile if grabbed by the whiskers.
Has a vicious temperament. Beware if Persian raises its tail straight up. It is a signal that it is about to pounce and bite.
A very haughty Pokémon. Among fans, the size of the jewel in Persian's forehead is a topic of much talk.
Persian has a violent temperament. It will attack anything that looks it in the eye. Its sharp claws inflict deep wounds.
It has a high opinion of itself, although not to the same extent as the Alolan Persian. It's quite difficult to make friends with this Pokémon.
Although the jewel on its forehead appears to be a different color than those of Alolan Persian, it's mostly made of the same material.
Persian is popular with rich people. It's also targeted by hunters who are after the jewel in its forehead.
Getting Persian to warm up to you takes a lot of effort, and it will claw at you the moment it gets annoyed.
Persian's elegant and refined behavior clashes with that of the barbaric Perrserker. The relationship between the two is one of mutual disdain.
Persian's round face and smooth coat—softer than the most high-class velvet—have made this a very popular Pokémon in Alola.
Persian looks down on everyone other than itself. Its preferred tactics are sucker punches and blindside attacks.
In contrast to Persian's lovely face, it's so brutal that it tortures its weakened prey rather than finishing them off.
Its round face is a symbol of wealth. Persian that have bigger, plumper faces are considered more beautiful.
Persian has the classiest coat. The rippling of its fur in the heat of battle has a beauty all its own.
The round face of Alolan Persian is considered to be a symbol of prosperity in the Alola region, so these Pokémon are very well cared for.
Persian is one tough opponent. Not only does it have formidable physical abilities, but it's also not above fighting dirty.

While lulling its enemies with its vacant look, Psyduck will use psychokinetic powers.
Always tormented by headaches. Psyduck uses psychic powers, but it is not known if it intends to do so.
Appears unaware and totally vacant. However, if Psyduck's chronic headache worsens, it starts exhibiting peculiar powers.
Psyduck has mystical powers but doesn't recall that it has used them. That is why it always looks puzzled.
If Psyduck's chronic headache peaks, it may exhibit odd powers. It seems unable to recall such an episode.
The only time Psyduck can use its psychic power is when its sleeping brain cells happen to wake.
Psyduck uses a mysterious power. When it does so, this Pokémon generates brain waves that are supposedly only seen in sleepers. This discovery spurred controversy among scholars.
If it uses its mysterious power, Psyduck can't remember having done so. It apparently can't form a memory of such an event because it goes into an altered state that is much like deep sleep.
When Psyduck's headache intensifies, it starts using strange powers. However, it has no recollection of its powers, so it always looks befuddled and bewildered.
Psyduck is constantly wracked by a headache. When the headache turns intense, it begins using mysterious powers.
If Psyduck's usual headache worsens, it starts exhibiting odd powers. It can't remember doing so, however.
Psyduck never remembers using its odd powers, so it always tilts its head in puzzlement.
Overwhelmed by enigmatic abilities, Psyduck suffers a constant headache. It sometimes uses mysterious powers.
When headaches stimulate Psyduck's brain cells, which are usually inactive, it can use a mysterious power.
As a result of headaches so fierce Psyduck cause it to cry, it sometimes uses psychokinesis without meaning to.
Psyduck is troubled by constant headaches. The more pain it's in, the more powerful its psychokinesis becomes.
Using psychokinesis gives Psyduck a headache, so it normally passes the time spacing out and doing as little as possible.
It has been found that its brain cells are 10 times more active when Psyduck is experiencing a headache.
Always tormented by headaches. Psyduck uses psychic powers, but whether it intends to do so is not known.

Often seen swimming elegantly by lake shores. Golduck is often mistaken for the Japanese monster, Kappa.
Golduck's slim and long limbs end in broad flippers. They are used for swimming gracefully in lakes.
Golduck's webbed hands and feet make it a proficient swimmer. May be seen swimming elegantly at dusk in places like lakes.
When Golduck swims at full speed using its long, webbed limbs, its forehead somehow begins to glow.
Golduck appears by waterways at dusk. It may use telekinetic powers if its forehead glows mysteriously.
Golduck swims gracefully along on the quiet, slow-moving rivers and lakes of which it is so fond.
The webbed flippers on its forelegs and hind legs and the streamlined body of Golduck give it frightening speed. This Pokémon is definitely much faster than even the most athletic swimmer.
Golduck is the fastest swimmer among all Pokémon. It swims effortlessly, even in a rough, stormy sea. It sometimes rescues people from wrecked ships floundering in high seas.
A Golduck is an adept swimmer. It sometimes joins competitive swimmers in training. It uses psychic powers when its forehead shimmers with light.
The forelegs are webbed, helping to make Golduck an adept swimmer. It can be seen swimming elegantly in lakes, etc.
Often seen swimming elegantly by lakeshores. Golduck is often mistaken for the Japanese monster Kappa.
A Pokémon that lives in lakes. Golduck swims faster than any human swimming champion.
The flippers of Golduck's well-developed limbs give it shocking speed. It is the best swimmer among Pokémon.
Golduck is seen swimming dynamically and elegantly using its well-developed limbs and flippers.
When its forehead shines mysteriously, Golduck can use the full extent of its power.
The webbed flippers on its forelegs and hind legs and the streamlined body of Golduck give it frightening speed. The Pokémon is definitely much faster than even the most athletic swimmer.
Golduck is said that the red part of its forehead grants supernatural powers to those who possess one, so it was over-hunted in the past.
Golduck swims along the banks of lakes and catches fish Pokémon. It takes them to the shore and quietly eats them up.
Even fast-swimming fish Pokémon can be disabled by Golduck. It brings them to a standstill and seizes them.
A professional swimmer, Golduck can continue swimming for two days straight by waving its long tail skillfully.
Golduck's long, slim limbs end in broad flippers. They are used for swimming gracefully in lakes.

Extremely quick to anger. Mankey could be docile one moment then thrashing away the next instant.
An agile Pokémon that lives in trees. Mankey angers easily and will not hesitate to attack anything.
Quick to anger, Mankey will begin brawling on the slightest provocation. It is unsafe to approach as it is very nimble.
Mankey is extremely ill-tempered. Groups of them will attack any handy target for no reason.
Mankey's unsafe to approach if it gets violently enraged for no reason and can't distinguish friends from foes.
Mankey lives in groups in the treetops. If it loses sight of its group, it becomes infuriated by its loneliness.
When Mankey starts shaking and its nasal breathing turns rough, it's a sure sign that it is becoming angry. However, because it goes into a towering rage almost instantly, it is impossible for anyone to flee its wrath.
When Mankey starts shaking and its nasal breathing turns rough, it's a sure sign of anger. However, since this happens instantly, there is no time to flee.
Light and agile on Mankey's feet, and ferocious in temperament. When angered, it flies into an uncontrollable frenzy.
Mankey lives in treetop colonies. If one becomes enraged, the whole colony rampages for no reason.
Mankey can spontaneously become enraged. Everyone near it clears out as it rampages and the resulting loneliness makes it angrier still.
Mankey's raging tires it out and causes it to fall asleep, but the anger resonating in its dreams causes it to wake up—which infuriates it all over again.
The smallest of things could cause Mankey to lose its temper. Because it doesn't hold in its stress, this Pokémon can live a long time.
If one gets angry, all the others around it will get angry, so silence is a rare visitor in a troop of Mankey.
An agile Pokémon that lives in trees. Mankey angers easily and will not hesitate to attack anything.

Always furious and tenacious to boot. Primeape will not abandon chasing its quarry until it is caught.
Primeape stops being angry only when nobody else is around. To view this moment is very difficult.
When enraged, Primeape gives chase endlessly. Because it is impossible to tell what made it angry, there is no soothing it.
If approached while asleep, Primeape may awaken and angrily give chase in a groggy state of semi-sleep.
Primeape becomes wildly furious if it even senses someone looking at it. It chases anyone that meets its glare.
Primeape will beat up anyone who makes it mad, even if it has to chase them until the end of the world.
When Primeape becomes furious, its blood circulation is boosted. In turn, its muscles are made even stronger. However, it also becomes much less intelligent at the same time.
When Primeape becomes furious, its blood circulation becomes more robust, and its muscles are made stronger. But it also becomes much less intelligent.
Primeape is always outrageously furious. If it gives chase, it will tenaciously track the target no matter how far.
Always furious and tenacious to boot. Primeape will not abandon chasing its quarry until it catches up.
Primeape grows angry if you see its eyes and gets angrier if you run. If you beat it, it gets even madder.
Primeape has been known to become so angry that it dies as a result. Its face looks peaceful in death, however.
Some researchers theorize that Primeape remains angry even when inside a Poké Ball.
Primeape will never forgive opponents who have angered it. Even after it has beaten them down until they can't move, it never ever forgives.
The blood vessels in Primeape's brain are sturdier than those of other Pokémon, so it can stay healthy despite its constant raging.
Primeape stops being angry only when nobody else is around. To view this moment is very difficult.

Very protective of Growlithe's territory. It will bark and bite to repel intruders from its space.
A Pokémon with a friendly nature. However, Growlithe will bark fiercely at anything invading its territory.
Friendly and loyal, but also jealously protective of Growlithe's territory. Carelessly approaching it may result in a bite.
Growlithe has a brave and trustworthy nature. It fearlessly stands up to bigger and stronger foes.
Extremely loyal, Growlithe will fearlessly bark at any opponent to protect its own Trainer from harm.
Growlithe controls a big territory. If it detects an unknown smell, it roars loudly to force out the intruder.
Growlithe has a superb sense of smell. Once it smells anything, this Pokémon won't forget the scent, no matter what. It uses its advanced olfactory sense to determine the emotions of other living things.
Its superb sense of smell ensures that Growlithe won't forget any scent, no matter what. It uses its sense of smell to detect the emotions of others.
Very friendly and faithful to people. Growlithe will try to repel enemies by barking and biting.
Growlithe is very protective of its territory. It will bark and bite to repel intruders from its space.
A Pokémon with a loyal nature. Growlithe will remain motionless until it is given an order by its Trainer.
Extremely loyal to Growlithe's Trainer, it will bark at those who approach the Trainer unexpectedly and run them out of town.
Growlithe's both clever and loyal, but if a stranger tries to invade its territory, it barks threateningly.
It looks cute, but when you approach another Trainer's Growlithe, it will bark at you and bite.
While Growlithe's quite friendly toward humans once it's grown used to them, in the wild it must be quite fierce to defend its territory from Rockruff.
Growlithe has lived alongside humans since ages ago. Its bones have been found in excavations of ruins from the Stone Age.
Extremely loyal, Growlithe will fearlessly bark at any opponent to protect its own Trainer from harm.

A Pokémon that has been admired since the past for Arcanine's beauty. It runs agilely as if on wings.
A legendary Pokémon in China. Many people are charmed by Arcanine's grace and beauty while running.
A Pokémon whose beauty is legendary in China. Arcanine is said to run gracefully and lightly, as if it were flying.
Arcanine is considered magnificent. Many people are enchanted by its grand mane.
Arcanine's magnificent bark conveys a sense of majesty. Anyone hearing it can't help but grovel before it.
An ancient picture scroll shows that people were attracted to Arcanine's movement as it ran through prairies.
Arcanine is known for its high speed. It is said to be capable of running over 6,200 miles in a single day and night. The fire that blazes wildly within this Pokémon's body is its source of power.
This fleet-footed Pokémon is said to run over 6,200 miles in a single day and night. The fire that blazes wildly within Arcanine's body is its source of power.
A Pokémon that is described in Chinese legends. Arcanine is said to race at an unbelievable speed.
A Pokémon that has long been admired for Arcanine's beauty. It runs agilely as if on wings.
Arcanine's proud and regal appearance has captured the hearts of people since long ago.
The sight of Arcanine running over 6,200 miles in a single day and night has captivated many people.
Overflowing with beauty and majesty, Arcanine appears in ancient Eastern folklore.
The fire burning inside Arcanine's body serves as the energy to fuel it as it runs great distances. It appears in many legends.
Legends tell of Arcanine's fighting alongside a general and conquering a whole country.
There are so many old tales about Arcanine that they're called legendary Pokémon, but there are way more of them around than you'd expect.
A legendary Pokémon in the East. Many people are charmed by the grace and beauty of Arcanine's running.
A Pokémon that has long been admired for Arcanine's beauty. It runs agilely as if on wings.

Poliwag's newly grown legs prevent it from running. It appears to prefer swimming than trying to stand.
The direction of the spiral on the belly differs by area. Poliwag is more adept at swimming than walking.
The spiral on Poliwag's belly is its internal organs seen through its thin skin. It is better at swimming than walking.
Because Poliwag is inept at walking on its newly grown legs, it always swims around in water.
The direction of Poliwag's belly spiral differs by area. The equator is thought to have an effect on this.
The swirl on Poliwag's belly is its insides showing through the skin. It looks clearer after it eats.
Poliwag has a very thin skin. It is possible to see the Pokémon's spiral innards right through the skin. Despite its thinness, however, the skin is also very flexible. Even sharp fangs bounce right off it.
It is possible to see Poliwag's spiral innards right through its thin skin. However, the skin is also very flexible. Even sharp fangs bounce right off it.
Poliwag's slick black skin is thin and damp. A part of its internal organs can be seen through the skin as a spiral pattern.
Poliwag's newly grown legs prevent it from walking well. It appears to prefer swimming over walking.
Poliwag's skin is so thin, its internal organs are visible. It has trouble walking on its newly grown feet.
The swirl on Poliwag's belly is its internal organs showing through. If the swirl is tinged white, that means it's affected by some disease.
Poliwag's still not very good at walking. Its Trainers should train this Pokémon to walk every day.
Despite the danger, Poliwag wants to come up on land. So it does its best to waddle along, but when an enemy finds it, it rushes back to the water.
The direction of the swirl on their stomachs differs depending on where they live. Poliwag aficionados can tell them apart at a glance.
The direction of the spiral on the belly differs by area. Poliwag is more adept at swimming than walking.

Capable of living in or out of water. When out of water, Poliwhirl sweats to keep its body slimy.
Under attack, Poliwhirl uses its belly spiral to put the foe to sleep. It then makes its escape.
Capable of living on land, but prefers to stay in water. If Poliwhirl is out of water, it sweats to keep its skin moist.
The swirl on Poliwhirl's belly subtly undulates. Staring at it may gradually cause drowsiness.
The skin on most of Poliwhirl's body is moist. However, the skin on its belly spiral feels smooth.
Though Poliwhirl is skilled at walking, it prefers to live underwater where there is less danger.
The surface of Poliwhirl's body is always wet and slick with an oily fluid. Because of this greasy covering, it can easily slip and slide out of the clutches of any enemy in battle.
Poliwhirl's body surface is always wet and slick with an oily fluid. Because of this greasy covering, it can easily slip and slide out of the clutches of any enemy in battle.
Poliwhirl's two legs are well developed. Even though it can live on the ground, it prefers living in water.
Poliwhirl can live in or out of water. When out of water, it constantly sweats to keep its body slimy.
The spiral pattern on Poliwhirl's belly subtly undulates. Staring at it gradually causes drowsiness.
Although Poliwhirl can live on land, it prefers to stay in the water, where it has fewer natural enemies.
Poliwhirl marches over the land in search of bug Pokémon to eat. Then it takes them underwater so it can dine on them where it's safe.
Although Poliwhirl has become capable of living on land, it spends its time in the water, where its prey, fish Pokémon, are plentiful.
Poliwhirl's health suffers when its skin dries out, so be sure to moisturize it diligently.
Under attack, Poliwhirl uses its belly spiral to put the foe to sleep. It then makes its escape.

An adept swimmer at both the front crawl and breast stroke. Easily overtakes the best human swimmers.
Swims powerfully using all the muscles in Poliwrath's body. It can even overtake champion swimmers.
A strong swimmer, Poliwrath is faster than a human champ in an individual medley. It can go far and fast with minimal breathing.
This strong and skilled swimmer is even capable of crossing the Pacific Ocean just by kicking.
Although an energetic, skilled swimmer that uses all of Poliwrath's muscles, it lives on dry land.
Poliwrath can use its well-developed arms and legs to run on the surface of the water for a split second.
Poliwrath's highly developed, brawny muscles never grow fatigued, however much it exercises. It is so tirelessly strong, this Pokémon can swim back and forth across the Pacific Ocean without effort.
Poliwrath's highly developed muscles never grow fatigued, however much it exercises. This Pokémon can swim back and forth across the Pacific Ocean without effort.
An adept swimmer, Poliwrath knows the front crawl, butterfly, and more. It is faster than the best human swimmers.
A swimmer adept at both the front crawl and breaststroke. Easily overtakes the best human swimmers.
With Poliwrath's extremely tough muscles, it can keep swimming in the Pacific Ocean without resting.
Poliwrath's highly developed, brawny muscles never grow fatigued, however much it exercises. It is so tirelessly strong, this Pokémon can swim back and forth across the ocean without effort.
Poliwrath in the Alola region are strong swimmers that use the breaststroke. Many children learn to swim by imitating Poliwrath.
Poliwrath's percentage of body fat is nearly zero. Its body is entirely muscle, which makes it heavy and forces its swimming prowess to develop.
Poliwrath's quite a gifted swimmer, even among Water-type Pokémon, but it normally spends its time on land.
The muscles Poliwrath has developed through swimming are thick and powerful. When it lands a square punch, it can turn huge boulders to dust.
Swims powerfully using all the muscles in Poliwrath's body. It can even overtake world-class swimmers.

Using Abra's ability to read minds, it will identify impending danger and Teleport to safety.
Sleeps 18 hours a day. If Abra senses danger, it will teleport itself to safety even as it sleeps.
Even while asleep, Abra can sense enemies approaching. It Teleports itself to a distant spot if there is any danger.
Abra senses impending attacks and teleports away to safety before the actual attacks can strike.
If Abra decides to teleport randomly, it creates the illusion that it has created copies of itself.
Abra hypnotizes itself so that it can teleport away when it senses danger, even if it is asleep.
Abra sleeps for eighteen hours a day. However, it can sense the presence of foes even while it is sleeping. In such a situation, this Pokémon immediately teleports to safety.
Abra needs to sleep for eighteen hours a day. If it doesn't, this Pokémon loses its ability to use telekinetic powers. If it is attacked, Abra escapes using Teleport while it is still sleeping.
A Pokémon that sleeps 18 hours a day. Observation revealed that Abra uses Teleport to change its location once every hour.
Abra sleeps for 18 hours a day. It uses a variety of extrasensory powers even while asleep.
Using Abra's ability to read minds, it will sense impending danger and Teleport to safety.
Abra sleeps for 18 hours a day. Even when awake, it teleports itself while remaining seated.
Even while asleep, Abra maintains a telepathic radar. It teleports when it is threatened.
Using Abra's psychic power is such a strain on its brain that it needs to sleep for 18 hours a day.
If Abra decides to teleport randomly, it evokes the illusion that it has created copies of itself.
Abra sleeps 18 hours a day. Even while sleeping, it will teleport itself to treetops and pick and eat berries there.
Abra can teleport itself to safety while it's asleep, but when it wakes, it doesn't know where it is, so it panics.
Abra uses various psychic powers even while it's sleeping, so you can't tell whether or not it's awake.
Abra can read others' minds and will teleport away when danger approaches. You must clear your mind if you want to catch it.
Sleeps 18 hours a day. If Abra senses danger, it will teleport itself to safety even as it sleeps.

Kadabra emits special alpha waves from its body that induce headaches just by being close by.
Many odd things happen if Kadabra is close by. For example, it makes clocks run backwards.
When Kadabra uses psychic power, all its brain cells work in unison to generate powerful alpha waves.
Kadabra possesses strong spiritual power. The more danger it faces, the stronger its psychic power.
If Kadabra uses its abilities, it emits special alpha waves that cause machines to malfunction.
When Kadabra closes its eyes, twice as many alpha particles come out of the surface of its body.
Kadabra emits a peculiar alpha wave if it develops a headache. Only those people with a particularly strong psyche can hope to become a Trainer of this Pokémon.
Kadabra holds a silver spoon in its hand. The spoon is used to amplify the alpha waves in its brain. Without the spoon, the Pokémon is said to be limited to half the usual amount of its telekinetic powers.
It is rumored that a boy with psychic abilities suddenly transformed into Kadabra while he was assisting research into extrasensory powers.
It happened one morning - a boy with extrasensory powers awoke in bed transformed into Kadabra.
Kadabra emits special alpha waves from its body that induce headaches just by being close.
If one is nearby, an eerie shadow appears on TV screens. Seeing the shadow is said to bring bad luck.
When Kadabra uses its psychic power, it emits strong alpha waves that can ruin precision devices.
Kadabra stares at its silver spoon to focus its mind. It emits more alpha waves while doing so.
Kadabra emits a peculiar alpha wave if it develops a headache. Only those people with a particularly strong psyche can hope to become a trainer of this Pokémon.
A theory exists that Kadabra was a young boy who couldn't control his psychic powers and ended up transformed into this Pokémon.
Kadabra's presence infests televisions and monitors with creepy shadows that bring bad luck.
Kadabra stares at a silver spoon to amplify its psychic powers before it lets loose. Apparently, gold spoons are no good.
Kadabra possesses strong mental capabilities, but its psychic powers are halved when it's not holding a silver spoon.
Many odd things happen if Kadabra is close by. For example, it makes clocks run backward.

Alakazam's brain can outperform a super-computer. Its intelligence quotient is said to be 5,000.
A Pokémon that can memorize anything. It never forgets what it learns—that's why Alakazam is smart.
A Pokémon that uses psychic power. Alakazam is highly intelligent and capable of instantly identifying its foe's weakness.
Closing both Alakazam's eyes heightens all its other senses. This enables it to use its abilities to their extremes.
Alakazam's brain cells multiply continually until it dies. As a result, it remembers everything.
Alakazam has an IQ of 5000. It calculates many things in order to gain the edge in every battle.
Alakazam's brain continually grows, making its head far too heavy to support with its neck. This Pokémon holds its head up using its psychokinetic power instead.
Alakazam's brain continually grows, infinitely multiplying brain cells. This amazing brain gives this Pokémon an astoundingly high IQ of 5,000. It has a thorough memory of everything that has occurred in the world.
While it has strong psychic abilities and high intelligence, an Alakazam's muscles are very weak. It uses psychic power to move its body.
Alakazam does not like physical attacks very much. Instead, it freely uses extra-sensory powers to defeat foes.
Alakazam's brain can outperform a supercomputer. Its IQ (intelligence quotient) is said to be around 5,000.
Alakazam's superb memory lets it recall everything it has experienced from birth. Its IQ exceeds 5,000.
Alakazam's highly developed brain is on par with a supercomputer. It can use all forms of psychic abilities.
The spoons clutched in Alakazam's hands are said to have been created by its psychic powers.
Alakazam is said to have an IQ of approximately 5,000. Its overflowing psychokinetic powers cause headaches to anyone nearby.
Its brain cells continue to increase in number until its death. The older the Alakazam, the larger its head.
Alakazam uses its psychic powers to make the spoons it carries. Each spoon is an original that there's only one of in the whole world.
If Alakazam trusts someone deeply, it will let them have one of its spoons. Anything you eat with that spoon is apparently delicious.
As a result of Mega Evolution, Alakazam's power has been entirely converted into psychic energy, and it has lost all strength in its muscles.
Alakazam's hidden psychic power has been unleashed. A glance at someone gives it knowledge of the course of that person’s life, from birth to death.
Alakazam sends out psychic power from the red organ on its forehead to foresee its opponents' every move.
Having traded away its muscles, Alakazam's true power has been unleashed. With its psychic powers, it can foresee all things.
It's adept at precognition. When attacks completely miss Alakazam, that's because it's seeing the future.

Loves to build Machop's muscles. It trains in all styles of martial arts to become even stronger.
Very powerful in spite of Machop's small size. Its mastery of many types of martial arts makes it very tough.
Machop's whole body is covered with muscles, so it can raise bulges anywhere. It can throw a hundred adults.
Always brimming with power, Machop passes time by lifting boulders. Doing so makes it even stronger.
Machop loves to work out and build its muscles. It is never satisfied, even if it trains hard all day long.
Machop trains by lifting rocks in the mountains. It can even pick up a Graveler with ease.
Machop's muscles are special - they never get sore no matter how much they are used in exercise. This Pokémon has sufficient power to hurl a hundred adult humans.
Machop exercises by hefting around a Graveler as if it were a barbell. There are some Machop that travel the world in a quest to master all kinds of martial arts.
Machop continually undertakes strenuous training to master all forms of martial arts. Its strength lets it easily hoist a sumo wrestler onto its shoulders.
Machop's whole body is composed of muscles. Even though it's the size of a human child, it can hurl 100 grown-ups.
Machop hefts a Graveler repeatedly to strengthen its entire body. It uses every type of martial arts.
Machop's muscles never cramp however much it trains. It lives in the mountains away from humans.
Though small in stature, Machop is powerful enough to easily heft and throw a number of Geodude at once.
Machop's muscles are special—they never get sore no matter how much they are used in exercise. This Pokémon has sufficient power to hurl a hundred adult humans.
Machop loves working out. As it gazes at its muscles, which continue to swell day by day, it becomes more and more dedicated to its training.
With Machop's superhuman strength, it's able to throw a hundred people all at the same time. Its strength comes from lifting Graveler every day.
Once Machop has gained enough confidence and muscle from training with its friends, it challenges Makuhita to a battle.
Machop likes food that's highly nutritious because its instincts drive it to build muscle efficiently.
Always brimming with power, Machop passes time by lifting boulders. Doing so makes it even stronger.

Machoke's muscular body is so powerful, it must wear a power save belt to be able to regulate its motions.
The belt around Machoke's waist holds back its energy. Without it, this Pokémon would be unstoppable.
Although Machoke is incredibly strong, it is always modest. It restrains its strength with a power-save belt.
Machoke always goes at its full power, but this very tough and durable Pokémon never gets tired.
The muscles covering Machoke's body teem with power. Even when still, it exudes an amazing sense of strength.
Machoke always stays in the zone. Its muscles become thicker after every battle.
Machoke's thoroughly toned muscles possess the hardness of steel. This Pokémon has so much strength, it can easily hold aloft a sumo wrestler on just one finger.
Machoke undertakes bodybuilding every day even as it helps people with tough, physically demanding labor. On its days off, this Pokémon heads to the fields and mountains to exercise and train.
A belt is worn by a Machoke to keep its overwhelming power under control. Because it is so dangerous, no one has ever removed the belt.
Machoke's formidable body never gets tired. It helps people by doing work such as the moving of heavy goods.
Machoke's muscular body is so powerful, it must wear a power-save belt to be able to regulate its motions.
Machoke's boundless power is very dangerous, so it wears a belt that suppresses its energy.
Machoke can lift a dump truck with one hand. Using that power, it helps people with heavy jobs.
Machoke happily carries heavy cargo to toughen up. It willingly does hard work for people.
As a result of Machoke's continual workouts, it has developed tremendous power. It uses that power to help people with their work.
Machoke willingly assists with hard labor because it knows the work is good training for its muscles.
When it encounters an enemy that's truly mighty, Machoke removes the power-save belt from its waist and unleashes its full power.
A popular motif for sculptures, Machoke's incredibly well-developed muscles have captured the imagination of many an artist.
Machoke's formidable body never gets tired. It helps people by doing work such as the moving of heavy goods.

Using Machamp's heavy muscles, it throws powerful punches that can send the victim clear over the horizon.
One arm alone can move mountains. Using all four arms, Machamp fires off awesome punches.
Among Machamp's fighting moves is a simultaneous volley of an uppercut, hook, straight and Karate Chop from its four arms.
Machamp quickly swings its four arms to rock its opponents with ceaseless punches and chops from all angles.
Machamp uses its four powerful arms to pin the limbs of its foe, then throws the victim over the horizon.
With four arms that react more quickly than Machamp can think, it can execute many punches at once.
Machamp has the power to hurl anything aside. However, trying to do any work requiring care and dexterity causes its arms to get tangled. This Pokémon tends to leap into action before it thinks.
Machamp is known as the Pokémon that has mastered every kind of martial arts. If it grabs hold of the foe with its four arms, the battle is all but over. The hapless foe is thrown far over the horizon.
Machamp is impossible to defend against punches and chops doled out by its four arms. Its fighting spirit flares up when it faces a tough opponent.
Machamp's four ruggedly developed arms can launch a flurry of 1,000 punches in just two seconds.
Machamp punches with its four arms at blinding speed. It can launch 1,000 punches in two seconds.
Machamp can knock a train flying with a punch. However, it is terrible at delicate work using its fingers.
Machamp's four muscled arms slam foes with powerful punches and chops at blinding speed.
Machamp unleashes megaton-level punches that send opponents flying clear over the horizon.
Machamp can lift heavy loads with the greatest of ease. It can even heft dump trucks. But its clumsy fingers prevent it from doing any precision work.
It grasps its opponents with its four arms and twists them up in an intricate hold. People call it “the Machamp special.
With four arms, Machamp can attack and defend simultaneously. It's said to have mastered every martial art in the world.
The Gigantamax energy coursing through Machamp's arms makes its punches hit as hard as bomb blasts.
One of these Pokémon once used Machamp's immeasurable strength to lift a large ship that was in trouble. It then carried the ship to port.

A carnivorous Pokémon that traps and eats bugs. Bellsprout uses its root feet to soak up needed moisture.
Prefers hot and humid places. Bellsprout ensnares tiny insects with its vines and devours them.
A kind of bug-eating plant that hunts small insects. Bellsprout uses its roots as feet for walking.
Even though Bellsprout's body is extremely skinny, it is blindingly fast when catching its prey.
Bellsprout plants its feet deep underground to replenish water. It can't escape its enemy while it's rooted.
If Bellsprout notices anything that moves, it immediately flings its vine at the object.
Bellsprout's thin and flexible body lets it bend and sway to avoid any attack, however strong it may be. From its mouth, this POKéMON spits a corrosive fluid that melts even iron.
A Bellsprout’s thin and flexible body lets it bend and sway to avoid any attack, however strong it may be. From its mouth, it leaks a fluid that melts even iron.
Bellsprout's bud looks like a human face. Because of the bud, it is rumored to be a type of legendary mandrake plant.
A carnivorous Pokémon that traps and eats bugs. Bellsprout appears to use its root feet to replenish moisture.
Bellsprout prefers hot and humid environments. It is quick at capturing prey with its vines.
Bellsprout's thin and flexible body lets it bend and sway to avoid any attack, however strong it may be. From its mouth, this Pokémon spits a corrosive fluid that melts even iron.
Prefers hot and humid places. Bellsprout ensnares tiny bugs with its vines and devours them.

Weepinbell spits out PoisonPowder to immobilize the enemy and then finishes it with a spray of Acid.
When hungry, Weepinbell swallows anything that moves. Its hapless prey is melted inside by strong acids.
Armed with razor-sharp leaves, Weepinbell uses toxic pollen to immobilize its enemy and melts the helpless foe with Acid.
Even though Weepinbell is filled with acid, it does not melt because it also oozes a neutralizing fluid.
If Weepinbell's prey is bigger than its mouth, it slices up the victim with sharp leaves, then eats every morsel.
When Weepinbell's hungry, it swings its razor-sharp leaves, slicing up any unlucky object nearby for food.
Weepinbell has a large hook on its rear end. At night, the Pokémon hooks on to a tree branch and goes to sleep. If it moves around in its sleep, it may wake up to find itself on the ground.
At night, a Weepinbell hangs on to a tree branch with its hooked rear and sleeps. If it moves around in its sleep, it may wake up to find itself on the ground.
The leafy parts act as cutters for slashing foes. Weepinbell spits a fluid that dissolves everything.
Weepinbell spits out poisonpowder to immobilize the enemy and then finishes it with a spray of acid.
A Pokémon that appears to be a plant. Weepinbell captures unwary prey by dousing them with a toxic powder.
Even though Weepinbell is filled with acid, it does not melt because it also oozes a protective fluid.
When hungry, Weepinbell swallows anything that moves. Its hapless prey is dissolved by strong acids.

Said to live in huge colonies deep in jungles, although no one has ever returned from there.
Lures prey with the sweet aroma of honey. Swallowed whole, the prey is melted in a day, bones and all.
Attracts prey with sweet-smelling honey. Victreebel's prey include bugs, naturally, and even large animals on occasion.
Acid that has dissolved many prey becomes sweeter, making Victreebel even more effective at attracting prey.
Victreebel attracts prey with aromatic honey, then melts them in its mouth.
Once ingested into Victreebel's body, even the hardest object will melt into nothing.
Victreebel has a long vine that extends from its head. This vine is waved and flicked about as if it were an animal to attract prey. When an unsuspecting prey draws near, this Pokémon swallows it whole.
The long vine extending from Victreebel's head is waved about as if it were a living thing to attract prey. When an unsuspecting victim approaches, it is swallowed whole.
Lures prey into Victreebel's mouth with a honeylike aroma. The helpless prey is melted with a dissolving fluid.
Victreebel pools in its mouth a fluid with a honeylike scent, which is really an acid that dissolves anything.
Victreebel pools in its mouth a fluid with a honey-like scent, which is really an acid that dissolves anything.
Lures prey with the sweet aroma of honey. Swallowed whole, the prey is dissolved in a day, bones and all.

Drifts in shallow seas. Anglers who hook Tentacool by accident are often punished by its stinging acid.
Tentacool can sometimes be found all dry and shriveled up on a beach. Toss it back into the sea to revive it.
Fires beams of light from Tentacool's clear eyes. Floats around in shallow waters and may sting unwary anglers.
When the tide goes out, dehydrated Tentacool remains can be found washed up on the shore.
Tentacool drifts aimlessly in waves. Very difficult to see in water, it may not be noticed until it stings.
As Tentacool floats along on the waves, it uses its toxic feelers to stab anything it touches.
Tentacool's body is largely composed of water. If it is removed from the sea, it dries up like parchment. If this Pokémon happens to become dehydrated, put it back into the sea.
Tentacool absorbs sunlight and refracts it using water inside its body to convert it into beam energy. This Pokémon shoots beams from its crystal-like eyes.
Tentacool's body is almost entirely composed of water. It ensnares its foe with its two long tentacles, then stabs with the poison stingers at their tips.
Tentacool's eyes are as transparent as crystals. From them, it shoots mysterious beams of light.
Drifts in shallow seas. Anglers who hook Tentacool by accident are often punished by their stingers.
Tentacool's body is virtually composed of water. It shoots strange beams from its crystal-like eyes.
Tentacool drifts in sea currents. Countless fishermen are hurt by its poison stingers.
Because Tentacool's body is almost entirely composed of water, it shrivels up if it is washed ashore.
Tentacool absorbs sunlight and refracts it using water inside its body to convert it into beam energy. This Pokémon shoots beams from the small round organ above its eyes.
Tentacool can be found lying dehydrated on beaches, but they are often still alive. When soaked in water, they will revive.
Tentacool drifts in shallow seas, such as the areas near beaches. If you get bitten or stabbed by its toxic tentacles, rush to the hospital.
Tentacool drifts through the sea searching for prey. Its poisonous tentacles break off sometimes, but after a while, they grow back.
Tentacool's body is 99% water. The remaining 1% contains the organ that makes its poison.
Tentacool can sometimes be found all dry and shriveled up on a beach. Toss it back into the sea to revive it.

The tentacles are normally kept short. On hunts, Tentacruel are extended to ensnare and immobilize prey.
Tentacruel's 80 tentacles can stretch and contract freely. They wrap around prey and weaken it with poison.
Tentacruel has 80 tentacles. Once they wrap around an enemy, the tentacles will not release, no matter what.
Tentacruel's 80 tentacles absorb water and stretch almost endlessly to constrict its prey and enemies.
In battle, Tentacruel extends all 80 of its tentacles to entrap its opponent inside a poisonous net.
When Tentacruel's 80 feelers absorb water, it stretches to become like a net to entangle its prey.
Tentacruel has large red orbs on its head. The orbs glow before lashing the vicinity with a harsh ultrasonic blast. This Pokémon's outburst causes rough waves around it.
Tentacruel has tentacles that can be freely elongated and shortened at will. It ensnares prey with its tentacles and weakens the prey by dosing it with a harsh toxin. It can catch up to 80 prey at the same time.
Tentacruel lives in complex rock formations on the ocean floor and traps prey using its 80 tentacles. Its red orbs glow when it grows excited or agitated.
Tentacruel has 80 tentacles that move about freely. They can sting, causing poisoning and sharp, stabbing pain.
With 80 tentacles for ensnaring victims, Tentacruel prevents escape until the prey is weakened by poison.
Tentacruel alerts others to danger by stridently flashing the red orbs on its head.
Tentacruel extends its 80 tentacles to form an encircling poisonous net that is difficult to escape.
Tentacruel has large red orbs on its head. The orbs glow before lashing the vicinity with a harsh ultrasonic blast. This Pokémon's outburst creates rough waves around it.
Normally, Tentacruel has 80 poisonous tentacles. The longer one has been alive, the fewer tentacles it will have.
Although these Pokémon are rare, when a large outbreak of Tentacruel occurs, all fish Pokémon disappear from the surrounding sea.
Tentacruel fires off ultrasonic waves from its red orbs to weaken its prey, and then it wraps them up in its 80 tentacles.
Tentacruel communicates with others of its kind by lighting up the red orbs on its head. When the orbs are blinking, it's a warning sign.
Tentacruel's 80 tentacles can stretch and contract freely. They wrap around prey and weaken it with poison.

Found in fields and mountains. Mistaking Geodude for boulders, people often step or trip on them.
Commonly found near mountain trails, etc. If you step on one by accident, Geodude gets angry.
When traveling uphill, if Geodude encounters a raised step, it cleverly hoists itself up and over using its two arms.
Most people may not notice, but a closer look should reveal that there are many Geodude around.
Geodude uses its arms to steadily climb steep mountain paths. It swings its fists around if angered.
Proud of their sturdy bodies, Geodude bash against each other in a contest to prove whose is harder.
The longer a Geodude lives, the more its edges are chipped and worn away, making it more rounded in appearance. However, this Pokémon's heart will remain hard, craggy, and rough always.
When Geodude sleeps deeply, it buries itself halfway into the ground. It will not awaken even if hikers step on it unwittingly. In the morning, this Pokémon rolls downhill in search of food.
Geodude climbs mountain paths using only the power of its arms. Because they look just like boulders lining paths, hikers may step on them without noticing.
Geodude's round form makes it easy to pick up. Some people have used them to hurl at each other in a snowball fight.
Many live on mountain trails and remain half buried while keeping an eye on climbers.
Geodude is impossible to distinguish from rocks. It slams against others in contests of hardness.
At rest, Geodude looks just like a rock. Carelessly stepping on it will make it swing its fists angrily.
Geodude's round body makes it easy to pick up, but it is hard and heavy. It's dangerous to play with them as if they were snowballs.
There are plenty of Geodude to be found along any road. A scholar with too much free time once counted a hundred of them along a single route.
Geodude that have lived a long life have had all their edges smoothed out until they're totally round. They also have a calm, quiet disposition.
Geodude uses both hands to climb precipitous cliffs. People who see it in action have been known to take up bouldering.
Commonly found near mountain trails and the like. If you step on one by accident, Geodude gets angry.
Geodude's body is a magnetic stone. Iron sand attaches firmly to the portions of its body that are particularly magnetic.
If you accidentally step on a Geodude sleeping on the ground, you'll hear a crunching sound and feel a shock ripple through your entire body.
If you mistake Geodude for a rock and step on it, it will headbutt you in anger. In addition to the pain, it will also zap you with a shock.
Geodude compete against each other with headbutts. The iron sand on their heads will stick to whichever one has stronger magnetism.
Geodude's stone head is imbued with electricity and magnetism. If you carelessly step on one, you'll be in for a painful shock.

Rolls down slopes to move. Graveler rolls over any obstacle without slowing or changing its direction.
Often seen rolling down mountain trails. Obstacles are just things to roll straight over, not avoid.
Rolls on steep mountainous trails. Graveler plows through grass, trees and anything else that gets in its way.
With a free and uncaring nature, Graveler doesn't mind if pieces break off while it rolls down mountains.
A slow walker, Graveler rolls to move. It pays no attention to any object that happens to be in its path.
Graveler travels by rolling on mountain paths. If it gains too much speed, it stops by running into huge rocks.
Graveler grows by feeding on rocks. Apparently, it prefers to eat rocks that are covered in moss. This Pokémon eats it way through a ton of rocks on a daily basis.
Rocks are Graveler's favorite food. This Pokémon will climb a mountain from the base to the summit, crunchingly feasting on rocks all the while. Upon reaching the peak, it rolls back down to the bottom.
Graveler descend from mountains by tumbling down steep slopes. They are so brutal, they smash aside obstructing trees and massive boulders with thunderous tackles.
Be careful while hiking on mountain trails. Graveler may come rolling down the path without slowing.
Graveler make their homes on sheer cliff faces by gouging out numerous horizontal holes.
Graveler tumbles down slopes, heedless of any body parts chipping off. It eats a ton of rocks daily.
Graveler rolls on mountain paths to move. Once it builds momentum, no Pokémon can stop it without difficulty.
Graveler grows by feeding on rocks. Apparently, it prefers to eat rocks that are covered in moss. This Pokémon eats its way through a ton of rocks on a daily basis.
Mossy rocks are Graveler's favorite food. It can devour a ton a day while crunching loudly.
This slow-footed Pokémon moves by curling up and rolling instead of walking. With enough momentum, Graveler's speed can exceed 60 mph.
Graveler climbs up cliffs as it heads toward the peak of a mountain. As soon as it reaches the summit, it rolls back down the way it came.
Graveler travels by rolling down cliffs. If it falls into a river, it will explode with its last gasp.
Graveler's preferred food is dravite. After it has eaten this mineral, crystals form inside the Pokémon, rising to the surface of part of its body.
They eat rocks and often get into a scrap over them. The shock of Graveler smashing together causes a flash of light and a booming noise.
When two Graveler fight each other, it fills the surroundings with flashes of light and sound. People call it the “fireworks of the earth.
Graveler's entire body is tinged with electricity due to the stones it likes to eat. It's very quick-tempered.
When Graveler comes rolling down a mountain path, anything in its way gets zapped by electricity and sent flying.

Golem's boulder-like body is extremely hard. It can easily withstand dynamite blasts without damage.
Once Golem sheds its skin, its body turns tender and whitish. Its hide hardens when it's exposed to air.
Golem's body, which weighs over 660 pounds, is as hard as stone. It grows bigger by shedding its skin once a year.
Golem sheds its skin once a year. The discarded shell immediately hardens and crumbles away.
Golem is capable of blowing itself up. It uses this explosive force to jump from mountain to mountain.
Golem's rock-like body is so durable, even high-powered dynamite blasts fail to scratch its rugged hide.
Golem sheds its skin once a year. the discarded shell immediately hardens and crumbles away.
Golem live up on mountains. If there is a large earthquake, these Pokémon will come rolling down off the mountains en masse to the foothills below.
Golem is known for rolling down from mountains. To prevent them from rolling into the homes of people downhill, grooves have been dug into the sides of mountains to serve as guideways for diverting this Pokémon's course.
Golem is said to live in volcanic craters on mountain peaks. Once a year, it sheds its hide and grows larger. The shed hide crumbles and returns to the soil.
Golem is enclosed in a hard shell that is as rugged as slabs of rock. It sheds skin once a year to grow larger.
Golem's boulder-like body is extremely hard. It can easily withstand dynamite blasts without taking damage.
Golem sheds its hide once a year. Its boulderlike body is so tough, even dynamite can't harm it.
Golem tumbles down mountains, leaving grooves from peak to base. Stay clear of these grooves.
Even dynamite can't harm Golem's hard, boulderlike body. It sheds its hide just once a year.
Even dynamite can't harm Golem's hard, boulder-like body. It sheds its hide just once a year.
Golem's body can survive dynamite blasts without a single scratch, but it hates rain and humidity.
Once a year, Golem molts, and its shed shell returns to the soil. This process creates enriched soil, so farmers collect the shells.
When Golem grow old, they stop shedding their shells. Those that have lived a long, long time have shells green with moss.
Golem detonates its own body. The power from that explosion can propel it up steep mountain paths with amazing speed.
Golem fires rocks charged with electricity. Even if the rock isn't fired that accurately, just grazing an opponent will cause numbness and fainting.
Because Golem can't fire boulders at a rapid pace, it's been known to seize nearby Geodude and fire them from its back.
Golem's grumpy and stubborn. If you upset it, it discharges electricity from the surface of its body and growls with a voice like thunder.
Golem shoots large rocks that are charged with electricity. Tremendous electric shocks are flung out across the whole area of impact.
Golem uses magnetism to accelerate and fire off rocks tinged with electricity. Even if it doesn't score a direct hit, the jolt of electricity will do the job.

Ponyta's hooves are 10 times harder than diamonds. It can trample anything completely flat in little time.
Capable of jumping incredibly high. Ponyta's hooves and sturdy legs absorb the impact of a hard landing.
Capable of jumping over the Eiffel Tower in a single giant leap. Ponyta's hooves are ten times harder than diamonds.
Ponyta is a weak runner immediately after birth. It gradually becomes faster by chasing after its parents.
Ponyta's hind legs, which have harder-than-diamond hooves, kick back at any presence it senses behind it.
Training by jumping over grass that grows longer every day has made Ponyta a world-class jumper.
Ponyta is very weak at birth. It can barely stand up. This Pokémon becomes stronger by stumbling and falling to keep up with its parent.
A Ponyta is very weak at birth. It can barely stand up. Its legs become stronger as it stumbles and falls while trying to keep up with its parent.
Ponyta's body is light, and its legs are incredibly powerful. It can clear Ayers Rock in one leap.
Ponyta's hooves are ten times harder than diamond. It can trample anything completely flat in little time.
About an hour after birth, Ponyta's fiery mane and tail grow out, giving it an impressive appearance.
Ponyta's legs grow strong while it chases after its parent. It runs in fields and mountains all day.
As a newborn, Ponyta can barely stand. However, through galloping, its legs are made tougher and faster.
Ponyta's hind legs, which have hooves that are harder than diamond, kick back at any presence it senses behind it.
Ponyta can't run properly when it's newly born. As it races around with others of its kind, its legs grow stronger.
If you've been accepted by Ponyta, its burning mane is mysteriously no longer hot to the touch.
Ponyta's small horn hides a healing power. With a few rubs from this Pokémon's horn, any slight wound you have will be healed.
Ponyta will look into your eyes and read the contents of your heart. If it finds evil there, it promptly hides away.

Very competitive, Rapidash will chase anything that moves fast in the hopes of racing it.
Just loves to run. If Rapidash sees something faster than itself, it will give chase at top speed.
Unable to restrain itself from running after fast trains or cars. Capable of reaching 150 mph at full speed.
At full gallop, Rapidash's four hooves barely touch the ground because it moves so incredibly fast.
With incredible acceleration, Rapidash reaches its top speed of 150 mph after running just ten steps.
Rapidash just loves to gallop. The faster it goes, the longer the swaying flames of its mane will become.
Rapidash usually can be seen casually cantering in the fields and plains. However, when this Pokémon turns serious, its fiery manes flare and blaze as it gallops its way up to 150 mph.
It usually canters casually in the fields and plains. But once a Rapidash turns serious, its fiery manes flare and blaze as it gallops its way up to 150 mph.
Rapidash can gallop at a top speed of 150 miles per hour. It can race as fast as a bullet train while ablaze.
Rapidash gallops at nearly 150 mph. With its mane blazing ferociously, it races as if it were an arrow.
Rapidash has astounding acceleration. From a standstill, it can reach top speed within 10 steps.
When at an all-out gallop, Rapidash's blazing mane sparkles, enhancing its beautiful appearance.
With incredible acceleration, Rapidash reaches its top speed of 150 mph after running just 10 steps.
Rapidash can be seen galloping through fields at speeds of up to 150 mph, its fiery mane fluttering in the wind.
The fastest runner becomes the leader, and Rapidash decides the herd's pace and direction of travel.
Little can stand up to Rapidash's psycho cut. Unleashed from this Pokémon's horn, the move will punch a hole right through a thick metal sheet.
Brave and prideful, Rapidash dashes airily through the forest, its steps aided by the psychic power stored in the fur on its fetlocks.

Incredibly slow and dopey. Slowpoke takes 5 seconds for it to feel pain when under attack.
Incredibly slow and sluggish. Slowpoke is quite content to loll about without worrying about the time.
A dopey Pokémon that remains in a daze except when fishing with Slowpoke's tail. Awake or asleep, there is little difference.
Slowpoke lazes vacantly near water. If something bites its tail, it won't even notice for a whole day.
A sweet sap leaks from Slowpoke's tail's tip. Although not nutritious, the tail is pleasant to chew on.
Slowpoke is always so absent-minded that it won't react, even if its flavorful tail is bitten.
Slowpoke uses its tail to catch prey by dipping it in water at the side of a river. However, this Pokémon often forgets what it's doing and often spends entire days just loafing at water's edge.
Slowpoke catches prey by dipping its tail in water at the side of a river. But it often forgets what it is doing and spends entire days just loafing at water's edge.
Slowpoke is always vacantly lost in thought, but no one knows what it is thinking about. It is good at fishing with its tail.
Although slow, Slowpoke is skilled at fishing with its tail. It does not feel pain if its tail is bitten.
Its long tail often breaks off. It doesn't really feel any pain, though, and the tail grows back, so Slowpoke isn't particularly bothered.
Alolan home cooking involves drying Slowpoke tails and then simmering them into a salty stew.
There are some places where Slowpoke is worshiped because of a long-standing belief that whenever Slowpoke yawns, it rains.
Although their tails, which fall off naturally, can easily be found lying around, Slowpoke're a precious ingredient for cooking.
Although this Pokémon is normally zoned out, its expression abruptly sharpens on occasion. The cause for this seems to lie in Slowpoke's diet.
Because Galarian Slowpoke eat the seeds of a plant that grows only in Galar, their tails have developed a spicy flavor.

The Shellder that is latched onto Slowpoke's tail is said to feed on the host's left over scraps.
Lives lazily by the sea. If the Shellder on Slowbro's tail comes off, it becomes a Slowpoke again.
If its tail is bitten by a Shellder, Slowpoke evolves into Slowbro. The Shellder seems to like its crunchy tail.
If the tail-biting Shellder is thrown off in a harsh battle, Slowbro reverts to being an ordinary Slowpoke.
Naturally dull to begin with, Slowbro lost its ability to feel pain due to Shellder's seeping poison.
An attached Shellder won't let go because of the tasty flavor that oozes out of Slowbro's tail.
Slowbro's tail has a Shellder firmly attached with a bite. As a result, the tail can't be used for fishing anymore. This causes Slowbro to grudgingly swim and catch prey instead.
Slowbro's tail has a Shellder firmly attached with a bite. As a result, the tail can't be used for fishing anymore. This forces it to reluctantly swim and catch prey.
When a Slowpoke went hunting in the sea, its tail was bitten by a Shellder. That made it evolve into Slowbro.
The Shellder that latches onto Slowpoke's tail is said to feed on the host's leftover scraps.
Though usually dim witted, Slowbro seems to become inspired if the Shellder on its tail bites down.
Slowbro spaces out while gazing at the sea. With Shellder's poison flowing through its body, it becomes even spacier.
Whenever Shellder bites down hard on its tail, it gives Slowbro a flash of inspiration...which it forgets a moment later.
Spacing out is basically all Slowbro does. It turns back into Slowpoke if its tail, along with Shellder, breaks off.
Shellder, in its greed to suck out more and more sweetness from Slowbro's tail, has metamorphosed into a spiral-shaped shell.
All the energy from Mega Evolution poured into the Shellder on Slowbro's tail, leaving Slowpoke to be swallowed whole.
When bathed in the energy of Mega Evolution, Shellder converts into impregnable armor. There is virtually no change in Slowpoke.
Tremendous energy strengthened the power of the Shellder on Slowbro's tail, but it doesn't really affect Slowpoke.
Having been swallowed whole by Shellder, Slowbro now has an iron defense. It's pretty comfortable in there, too.
Under the influence of Shellder's digestive fluids, Slowpoke has awakened, gaining a great deal of power–and a little motivation to boot.

Uses anti-gravity to stay suspended. Appears without warning and uses Thunder Wave and similar moves.
Magnemite is born with the ability to defy gravity. It floats in air on powerful electromagnetic waves.
Appears as if out of nowhere. Magnemite floats using anti-gravity and discharges electricity from two side-mounted units.
Magnemite is attracted by electromagnetic waves. It may approach trainers if they are using their Pokégear.
The units at the sides of Magnemite's body generate anti-gravity energy to keep it aloft in the air.
The electricity emitted by the units on each side of Magnemite's body cause it to become a strong magnet.
Magnemite attaches itself to power lines to feed on electricity. If your house has a power outage, check your circuit breakers. You may find a large number of this Pokémon clinging to the breaker box.
Magnemite floats in the air by emitting electromagnetic waves from the units at its sides. These waves block gravity. This Pokémon becomes incapable of flight if its internal electrical supply is depleted.
The units at Magnemite's sides are extremely powerful magnets. They generate enough magnetism to draw in iron objects from over 300 feet away.
Magnemite moves while constantly hovering. It discharges Thunder Wave and so on from the units at its sides.
Uses antigravity to stay suspended. Appears without warning and uses Thunder Wave and similar moves.
The units at Magnemite's sides generate electromagnetic waves that keep it airborne. It feeds on electricity.
The faster the units at Magnemite's sides rotate, the greater the magnetic force they generate.
The units at the sides of Magnemite's body generate antigravity energy to keep it aloft in the air.
The electromagnetic waves emitted by the units at the sides of Magnemite's head expel antigravity, which allows it to float.
Magnemite gather in places where electricity is available. They can be found clinging to the steel towers used to support power lines.
Magnemite sends out electromagnetic waves, which let it float through the air. Touching it while it's eating electricity will give you a full-body shock.
Magnemite's frequently the cause of power outages, which is why some power plants send out electrical signals that it can't stand.
Perhaps because electrical lines are often buried these days, the number of Magnemite attacks on power plants has increased.
Magnemite is hatched with the ability to defy gravity. It floats while emitting powerful electromagnetic waves.

Formed by several Magnemites linked together. Magneton frequently appear when sunspots flare up.
Generates strange radio signals. Magneton raises the temperature by 3.6F degrees within 3,300 feet.
Formed by Magnemite that link together when the number of black spots on the sun increases. Fires high-voltage power, etc.
Three Magnemite are linked by a strong magnetic force. Earaches will occur if you get too close.
The Magnemite are united by a magnetism so powerful, Magneton dries all moisture in its vicinities.
When many Magneton gather together, the resulting magnetic storm disrupts radio waves.
Magneton emits a powerful magnetic force that is fatal to mechanical devices. As a result, large cities sound sirens to warn citizens of large-scale outbreaks of this Pokémon.
Magneton emits a powerful magnetic force that is fatal to electronics and precision instruments. Because of this, it is said that some towns warn people to keep this Pokémon inside a Poké Ball.
Magneton is actually three Magnemite linked by magnetism. It generates powerful radio waves that raise temperatures by 3.6 degrees F within a 3,300-foot radius.
A linked cluster formed of several Magnemite. Magneton discharges powerful magnetic waves at high voltage.
Formed by several Magnemite linked together. Magneton frequently appear when sunspots flare up.
Magneton is actually three Magnemite linked by magnetism. A group can set off a magnetic storm.
Many mysteriously appear when more sunspots dot the sun. Magneton stop TV sets from displaying properly.
The Magnemite are united by a magnetism so powerful, Magneton dries all moisture in its vicinity.
The stronger electromagnetic waves from the three linked Magnemite are enough to dry out surrounding moisture.
A link cluster formed of several Magnemite. Magneton discharges powerful magnetic waves at high voltage.
Generates strange radio signals. Magneton raises the temperature by 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit within 3,300 feet.
When three Magnemite link together, Magneton's brains also become one. They do not become three times more intelligent.
Magneton has about three times the electrical power of Magnemite. For some reason, outbreaks of this Pokémon happen when lots of sunspots appear.
Delicate equipment can malfunction in areas inhabited by Magneton, which send out mysterious electrical signals.
When rain clouds form, many Magneton gather in high places to wait for lightning to strike.
Generates strange radio signals. Magneton raises the temperature by 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit within 3,300 feet.

The sprig of green onions Farfetch'd holds is its weapon. It is used much like a metal sword.
Lives where reedy plants grow. Farfetch'd are rarely seen, so it's thought their numbers are decreasing.
Always carries the stalk of an unidentified plant. The stalk is said to be used for making a nest or as a weapon.
If anyone tries to disturb where the essential plant sticks grow, Farfetch'd uses its own stick to thwart them.
If Farfetch'd eats the plant stick it carries as emergency rations, it runs off in search of a new stick.
In order to prevent Farfetch'd's extinction, more people have made an effort to breed these Pokémon.
Farfetch'd is always seen with a stick from a plant of some sort. Apparently, there are good sticks and bad sticks. This Pokémon has been known to fight with others over sticks.
Farfetch'd is always seen with a stick from a plant. Apparently, there are good sticks and bad sticks. This Pokémon occasionally fights with others over choice sticks.
Farfetch'd always walks about with a plant stalk clamped in its beak. The stalk is used for building its nest.
The plant stalk Farfetch'd holds is its weapon. The stalk is used like a sword to cut all sorts of things.
Farfetch'd can't live without the stalk it holds. That's why it defends the stalk from attackers with its life.
If Farfetch'd eats the plant stalk it carries as emergency rations, it runs off in search of a new stalk.
Farfetch'd is always seen with a stalk from a plant of some sort. Apparently, there are good stalks and bad stalks. This Pokémon has been known to fight with others over stalks.
They live where reedy plants grow. Farfetch'd are rarely seen, so it's thought their numbers are decreasing.
The stalk Farfetch'd carries in its wings serves as a sword to cut down opponents. In a dire situation, the stalk can also serve as food.
Farfetch'd use a plant stalk as a weapon, but not all of them use it in the same way. Several distinct styles of stalk fighting have been observed.
The Farfetch'd of the Galar region are brave warriors, and they wield thick, tough leeks in battle.
The stalks of leeks are thicker and longer in the Galar region. Farfetch'd that adapted to these stalks took on a unique form.

A bird that makes up for Doduo's poor flying with its fast foot speed. Leaves giant footprints.
Doduo's short wings make flying difficult. Instead, this Pokémon runs at high speed on developed legs.
A Pokémon with two heads. More skilled at running than flying, Doduo is capable of racing at speeds over 60 mph.
By alternately raising and lowering Doduo's two heads, it balances itself to be more stable while running.
Doduo races through grassy plains with powerful strides, leaving footprints up to four inches deep.
Doduo lives on a grassy plain where it can see a long way. If it sees an enemy, it runs away at 60 mph.
Doduo's two heads never sleep at the same time. Its two heads take turns sleeping, so one head can always keep watch for enemies while the other one sleeps.
Doduo's two heads contain completely identical brains. A scientific study reported that on rare occasions, there will be examples of this Pokémon possessing different sets of brains.
Even while eating or sleeping, one of the heads remains always vigilant for any sign of danger. When threatened, Doduo flees at over 60 miles per hour.
A two-headed Pokémon that was discovered as a sudden mutation. Doduo runs at a pace of over 60 miles per hour.
The brains in Doduo's two heads appear to communicate emotions to each other with telepathic power.
The brains in Doduo's two heads appear to communicate emotions to each other with a telepathic power.
Doduo's short wings make flying difficult. Instead, this Pokémon runs at high speed on developed legs.

Uses Dodrio's three brains to execute complex plans. While two heads sleep, one head stays awake.
One of Doduo's 2 heads splits to form a unique species. Dodrio runs close to 40 MPH in prairies.
The three heads express joy, sorrow and anger as Dodrio plan strategy together. When it sleeps, one head remains awake.
Dodrio collects data and plans three times as wisely, but it may think too much and become immobilized.
If one of the heads gets to eat, the others will be satisfied, too, and Dodrio will stop squabbling.
An enemy that takes Dodrio's eyes off any of the three heads—even for a second—will get pecked severely.
Watch out if Dodrio's three heads are looking in three separate directions. It's a sure sign that it is on its guard. Don't go near this Pokémon if it's being wary - it may decide to peck you.
Apparently, the heads aren't the only parts of the body that Dodrio has three of. It has three sets of hearts and lungs as well, so it is capable of running long distances without rest.
A peculiar Pokémon species with three heads. Dodrio vigorously races across grassy plains even in arid seasons with little rainfall.
An odd species that is rarely found. The three heads respectively represent joy, sadness, and anger.
Uses Dodrio's three brains to execute complex plans. While two heads sleep, one head is said to stay awake.
When Doduo evolves into this odd breed, one of Dodrio's heads splits into two. It runs at nearly 40 mph.
Dodrio collects data and plans three times as wisely, but it may think too much and fall into a state of immobility.
Watch out if Dodrio's three heads are looking in three separate directions. It's a sure sign that it is on its guard. Don't go near this Pokémon if it's being wary-it may decide to peck you.
One of Doduo's two heads splits to form a unique species. Dodrio runs close to 40 mph in prairies.

The protruding horn on Seel's head is very hard. It is used for bashing through thick ice.
Loves freezing cold conditions. Relishes swimming in a frigid climate of around 14F degrees.
Seel boasts a thick hide covered with light blue fur. It plows through ice floes even in water 40 degrees below 0.
Although Seel can't walk well on land, it is a graceful swimmer. It especially loves being in frigid seas.
In daytime, Seel is often found asleep, on the seabed in shallow waters. Its nostrils close while it swims.
The light blue fur that covers Seel keeps it protected against the cold. It loves iceberg filled oceans.
Seel hunts for prey in the frigid sea underneath sheets of ice. When it needs to breathe, it punches a hole through the ice with the sharply protruding section of its head.
Seel hunt for prey in frigid, ice-covered seas. When it needs to breathe, it punches a hole through the ice with the sharply protruding section of its head.
Covered with light blue fur, Seel's hide is thick and tough. It is active in bitter cold of minus 40 degrees Fahrenheit.
The protruding horn on Seel's head is very hard. It is used for bashing through thick icebergs.
A Pokémon that lives on icebergs. Seel swims in the sea using the point on its head to break up ice.
In daytime, Seel is often found asleep on the seabed in shallow waters. Its nostrils close while it swims.
The colder Seel gets, the better it feels. It joyfully swims around oceans so cold that they are filled with floating ice.
Covered with light blue fur, Seel's hide is thick and tough. It is active in bitter cold of -40 degrees Fahrenheit.
It has always been supposed that Seel live only in cold seas. Their having shown up in Alola is a mystery.
Thanks to Seel's thick fat, cold seas don't bother it at all, but it gets tired pretty easily in warm waters.
Loves freezing-cold conditions. Relishes swimming in a frigid climate of around 14 degrees Fahrenheit.

Stores thermal energy in Dewgong's body. Swims at a steady 8 knots even in intensely cold waters.
Dewgong's entire body is a snowy-white. Unharmed by even intense cold, it swims powerfully in icy waters.
Dewgong stores thermal energy inside its pure white, fur-covered body. It swims in frigid water at eight knots.
Dewgong's streamlined body has little drag in water. The colder the temperature, the friskier it gets.
Dewgong loves frigid seas with ice floes. It uses its long tail to change swimming direction quickly.
Dewgong sleeps under shallow ocean waters during the day, then looks for food at night when it's cold.
Dewgong loves to snooze on bitterly cold ice. The sight of this Pokémon sleeping on a glacier was mistakenly thought to be a mermaid by a mariner long ago.
Dewgong's body is covered with a pure white fur. The colder the weather, the more active it becomes.
Dewgong stores thermal energy in the body. It swims at a steady eight knots even in intensely cold waters.
In snow, the pure white coat covering Dewgong's body obscures it from predators.
Dewgong's streamlined body has low resistance, and it swims around cold oceans at a speed of eight knots.
Dewgong swims through the ocean at a speed of eight knots, searching for Pokémon that will become its prey. It's especially fond of Wishiwashi.
Dewgong sunbathes on the beach after meals. The rise in its body temperature helps its digestion.
Dewgong's entire body is a snowy white. Unharmed by even intense cold, it swims powerfully in icy waters.

Appears in filthy areas. Thrives by sucking up polluted sludge that is pumped out of factories.
Made of hardened sludge. Grimer smells too putrid to touch. Even weeds won't grow in its path.
Sludge that was transformed when exposed to X-rays from the moon. Loves sludge, industrial waste and other refuse.
As it moves, it loses bits of its body from which new Grimer emerge. This worsens the stench around it.
Wherever Grimer has passed, so many germs are left behind that no plants will ever grow again.
When two of these Pokémon's bodies are combined together, new poisons are created.
Grimer's sludgy and rubbery body can be forced through any opening, however small it may be. This Pokémon enters sewer pipes to drink filthy wastewater.
Grimer emerged from the sludge that settled on a polluted seabed. This Pokémon loves anything filthy. It constantly leaks a horribly germ- infested fluid from all over its body.
Born from polluted sludge in the sea, Grimer's favorite food is anything filthy. They feed on wastewater pumped out from factories.
Sludge exposed to X rays from the moon transformed into Grimer. It loves feeding on filthy things.
Appears in filthy areas. Grimer thrives by sucking up polluted sludge that is pumped out of factories.
Grimer was born when sludge in a dirty stream was exposed to the moon's X-rays. It appears among filth.
Born from sludge, these Pokémon now gather in polluted places and increase the bacteria in Grimer's bodies.
Sludge exposed to X-rays from the moon transformed into Grimer. It loves feeding on filthy things.
Grimer's main source of food is the slimy industrial waste of factories. This Pokémon's numbers have been decreasing in recent years.
Grimer was born from sludge transformed by exposure to X-rays from the moon. When its internal load of germs decreases, it dies.
Grimer was born from sludge on the ocean floor. In a sterile environment, the germs within its body can't multiply, and it dies.
The wastewater coming from factories is clean these days, so Grimer have nothing to eat. They're said to be on the verge of extinction.
Made of congealed sludge. Grimer smells too putrid to touch. Even weeds won't grow in its path.
A Grimer, which had been brought in to solve a problem with garbage, developed over time into this form.
The crystals on Grimer's body are lumps of toxins. If one falls off, lethal poisons leak out.
There are a hundred or so of Grimer living in Alola's waste-disposal site. They're all hard workers who eat a lot of trash.
Brought to Alola to solve the garbage problem, Grimer seems to relish any and all kinds of trash.
Grimer has a passion for trash above all else, speedily digesting it and creating brilliant crystals of sparkling poison.

Thickly covered with a filthy, vile sludge. Muk is so toxic, even its footprints contain poison.
Smells so awful, Muk can cause fainting. Through degeneration, it lost its sense of smell.
Becomes indistinguishable if Muk hides in dirt. Touching its sludge-covered body causes horrible poisonings.
Muk love to gather in smelly areas where sludge accumulates, making the stench around them worse.
Muk's body is made of a powerful poison. Touching it accidentally will cause a fever that requires bed rest.
As Muk moves, a very strong poison leaks from it, making the ground there barren for three years.
From Muk's body seeps a foul fluid that gives off a nose-bendingly horrible stench. Just one drop of this Pokémon's body fluid can turn a pool stagnant and rancid.
This Pokémon's favorite food is anything that is repugnantly filthy. In dirty towns where people think nothing of throwing away litter on the streets, Muk are certain to gather.
It prefers warm and humid habitats. In the summertime, the toxic substances in its body intensify, making Muk reek like putrid kitchen garbage.
Muk is usually undetectable because it blends in with the ground. Touching it can cause terrible poisoning.
A toxic fluid seeps from Muk's body. The fluid instantly kills plants and trees on contact.
It's so stinky! Muk's body contains toxic elements, and any plant will wilt when it passes by.
The stench it gives off will make your nose scrunch up. Still, there are Muk fans who think that's a good thing.
After recent environmental improvements, Muk is now hardly seen at all. People speculate that it may go extinct at some point.
Muk's food sources have decreased, and their numbers have declined sharply. Sludge ponds are being built to prevent their extinction.
Because Muk scatter germs everywhere, they've long been targeted for extermination, leading to a steep decline in their population.
Smells so awful, Muk can cause fainting. Through degeneration of its nose, it lost its sense of smell.
The garbage Muk eats causes continuous chemical changes in its body, which produce its exceedingly vivid coloration.
While Muk's unexpectedly quiet and friendly, if it's not fed any trash for a while, it will smash its Trainer's furnishings and eat up the fragments.
There are over a hundred kinds of poison inside Muk's body. Chemical reactions between different poisons are the source of its vitality.
What look like fangs and claws are actually crystallized poison that will afflict you at a mere touch, so don't get too close.
Muk's coloration becomes increasingly vivid the more it feasts on its favorite dish–trash.

Shellder's hard shell repels any kind of attack. It is vulnerable only when its shell is open.
The shell can withstand any attack. However, when Shellder is open, the tender body is exposed.
Shellder's shell is harder than diamond. It hides in sand on the sea floor and catches prey with its soft tongue.
Shellder swims facing backward by opening and closing its two-piece shell. It is surprisingly fast.
Grains of sand trapped in Shellder's shells mix with its body fluids to form beautiful pearls.
Clamping on to an opponent reveals Shellder's vulnerable parts, so it uses this move only as a last resort.
At night, this Pokémon uses its broad tongue to burrow a hole in the seafloor sand and then sleep in it. While it is sleeping, Shellder closes its shell, but leaves its tongue hanging out.
At night, Shellder burrows a hole in the seafloor with its broad tongue to make a place to sleep. While asleep, it closes its shell, but leaves its tongue hanging out.
Shellder is encased in a shell that is harder than diamond. Inside, however, it is surprisingly tender.
Shellder swims backward by opening and closing its two shells. Its large tongue is always kept hanging out.
The hardness of Shellder's shell surpasses the hardness of a diamond. In days gone by, people used the shells to make shields.
Shellder's tongue is always hanging out. It uses its tongue with great dexterity to dig up sand from the seabed in its search for food.
The sand that accumulates inside Shellder's shell eventually becomes a pearl. But the pearl gets in the way, so it spits it out and discards it.
Even when its shell is closed, its tongue still hangs out. If you give its tongue a good yank, the shock will cause Shellder to open its shell.
Shellder's hard shell repels any kind of attack. It is vulnerable only when its shell is open.

When attacked, Cloyster launches its horns in quick volleys. Its innards have never been seen.
For protection, Cloyster uses its harder-than-diamonds shell. It also shoots spikes from the shell.
Cloyster's shell is so hard, it can even withstand a bomb. No one has ever seen what is inside its shell.
Once Cloyster slams its shell shut, it is impossible to open, even by those with superior strength.
Cloyster that live in seas with harsh tidal currents grow large, sharp spikes on their shells.
Even a missile can't break the spikes Cloyster uses to stab opponents. They're even harder than its shell.
Cloyster is capable of swimming in the sea. It does so by swallowing water, then jetting it out toward the rear. This Pokémon shoots spikes from its shell using the same system.
It swims in the sea by swallowing water, then jetting it out toward the rear. The Cloyster shoots spikes from its shell using the same system.
Cloyster's shell is extremely hard. It cannot be shattered, even with a bomb. The shell opens only when it is attacking.
Cloyster fights by keeping its shell tightly shut for protection and by shooting spikes to repel foes.
Cloyster's hard shell cannot be shattered—not even by a bomb. The contents of the shell remain unknown.
Excavation of the tombs of ancient hunting tribes has turned up many spears tipped with spikes that had fallen off Cloyster's shell.
If areas of Cloyster's very hard shell get damaged, those areas swell, gradually growing into large sharp spikes.
Slowpoke tails are Cloyster's favorite food. It has even been known to come up on land to look for Slowpoke from time to time.
Once Cloyster slams its shell shut, it is impossible to open, even by those with superior strength.

Almost invisible, Gastly cloaks the target and puts it to sleep without notice.
Said to appear in decrepit, deserted buildings. Gastly has no real shape as it appears to be made of a gas.
Made of a thin, gas-like substance that induces fainting if you get enshrouded in Gastly. Will not appear if it is very windy.
With Gastly's gas-like body, it can sneak into any place it desires. However, it can be blown away by wind.
Gastly's thin body is made of gas. It can envelop an opponent of any size and cause suffocation.
Gastly wraps its opponent in its gas-like body, slowly weakening its prey by poisoning it through the skin.
Gastly is largely composed of gaseous matter. When exposed to a strong wind, the gaseous body quickly dwindles away. Groups of this Pokémon cluster under the eaves of houses to escape the ravages of wind.
When exposed to a strong wind, a Gastly's gaseous body quickly dwindles away. They cluster under the eaves of houses to escape the ravages of wind.
A being that exists as a thin gas. Gastly can topple an Indian elephant by enveloping the prey in two seconds.
Gastly's body is 95% made up of gases, which are blown away by strong gusts of wind.
A Pokémon born from poison gases. Gastly defeats even the largest foes by enveloping them in gas.
Born from gases, anyone would faint if engulfed by Gastly's gaseous body, which contains poison.
Gastly's thin body is made of gas. Despite lacking substance, it can envelop an opponent of any size and cause suffocation.
Gastly's body is made of gas. Despite lacking substance, it can envelop an opponent of any size and cause suffocation.
Should a strange light be seen flickering in an abandoned building, Gastly is lurking there.
Although Gastly is barely visible, when it's near, a faint sweet smell lingers.
Gastly's said that gas emanating from a graveyard was possessed by the grievances of the deceased and thus became a Pokémon.
Poisonous gas comprises 95% of Gastly's body. It's said that the remaining 5% is made up of the souls of those who died from the gas.
Said to appear in decrepit, deserted buildings. Gastly has no real shape, as it appears to be made of a gas.
With Gastly's gas-like body, it can sneak into any place it desires. However, it can be blown away by wind.

Because of Haunter's ability to slip through block walls, it is said to be from another dimension.
By licking, Haunter saps the victim's life. It causes shaking that won't stop until the victim's demise.
If you trip and fall for no apparent reason or hear a sound when no one is around, it may be a Haunter.
In total darkness, where nothing is visible, Haunter lurks, silently stalking its next victim.
Haunter's tongue is made of gas. If licked, its victim starts shaking constantly until death eventually comes.
Haunter hides in the dark, planning to take the life of the next living thing that wanders close by.
Haunter is a dangerous Pokémon. If one beckons you while floating in darkness, you must never approach it. This Pokémon will try to lick you with its tongue and steal your life away.
If a Haunter beckons you while it is floating in darkness, don't approach it. This Pokémon will try to lick you with its tongue and steal your life away.
If you get the feeling of being watched in darkness when nobody is around, Haunter is there.
Haunter can slip through any obstacle. It lurks inside walls to keep an eye on its foes.
Haunter licks with its gaseous tongue to steal the victim's life force. It lurks in darkness for prey.
Haunter likes to lurk in the dark and tap shoulders with a gaseous hand. Its touch causes endless shuddering.
Haunter strikes at humans from total darkness. Those licked by its cold tongue grow weaker with each passing day until they die.
Haunter fears the light and revels in the dark. It may be on the verge of extinction in cities that stay brightly lit at night.
On moonless nights, Haunter searches for someone to curse, so it's best not to go out walking around.
It's dangerous to go outside alone on nights when you're feeling sad. Haunter will catch you, and you won't be able to go back home.
If you get the feeling of being watched in darkness when nobody is around, Haunter is there.

Under a full moon, Gengar likes to mimic the shadows of people and laugh at their fright.
A Gengar is close by if you feel a sudden chill. It may be trying to lay a curse on you.
Appears to attack people who get lost in the mountains. Said to be the culprit behind shadows that laugh in the moonlight.
It steals heat from its surroundings. If you feel a sudden chill, it is certain that a Gengar appeared.
To steal the life of Gengar's target, it slips into the prey's shadow and silently waits for an opportunity.
Hiding in people's shadows at night, Gengar absorbs their heat. The chill it causes makes the victims shake.
Sometimes, on a dark night, your shadow thrown by a streetlight will suddenly and startlingly overtake you. It is actually a Gengar running past you, pretending to be your shadow.
Deep in the night, your shadow cast by a streetlight may suddenly overtake you. It is actually a Gengar running past you, pretending to be your shadow.
Gengar is said to emerge from darkness to steal the lives of those who become lost in mountains.
On the night of the full moon, if shadows move on their own and laugh, it must be Gengar's doing.
It hides in shadows. It is said that if Gengar is hiding, it cools the area by nearly 10 degrees F.
Lurking in the shadowy corners of rooms, Gengar awaits chances to steal its prey's life force.
The leer that floats in darkness belongs to a Gengar delighting in casting curses on people.
It hides in shadows. It is said that if Gengar is hiding, it cools the area by nearly 10 degrees Fahrenheit.
Should you feel yourself attacked by a sudden chill, it is evidence of an approaching Gengar. There is no escaping it. Give up.
Gengar apparently wishes for a traveling companion. Since it was once human itself, it tries to create one by taking the lives of other humans.
You can hear tales told all over the world about how Gengar will pay a visit to children who are naughty.
Even your home isn't safe. Gengar will lurk in whatever dark corner of a room it can find and wait for its chance to catch its prey.
On the night of a full moon, if shadows move on their own and laugh, it must be Gengar's doing.
Gengar's relationships are warped. It has no interest in opponents unless it perceives them as prey.
The energy of Mega Evolution awakened Gengar. It sinks into another dimension, where it keeps a patient watch for its chance to attack.
Gengar tries to take the lives of anyone and everyone.
Mega Evolution has made it possible for Gengar to access other dimensions. Its entire body is brimming with strange power.
Gengar can pass through other dimensions and can appear anywhere. It caused a stir one time when it stuck just one leg out of a wall.
Rumor has Gengar that its gigantic mouth leads not into its body, filled with cursed energy, but instead directly to the afterlife.
Gengar lays traps, hoping to steal the lives of those it catches. If you stand in front of its mouth, you'll hear your loved ones' voices calling out to you.

As Onix grows, the stone portions of its body harden to become similar to a diamond, but colored black.
Burrows at high speed in search of food. The tunnels Onix leaves are used as homes by Diglett.
Onix's large body is over 26 feet long. Despite its size, it can squirm its way through the ground at 50 mph.
Onix twists and squirms through the ground. The thunderous roar of its tunneling echoes a long way.
Onix rapidly bores through the ground at 50 mph by squirming and twisting its massive, rugged body.
As Onix digs through the ground, it absorbs many hard objects. This is what makes its body so solid.
Onix has a magnet in its brain. It acts as a compass so that this Pokémon does not lose direction while it is tunneling. As it grows older, its body becomes increasingly rounder and smoother.
There is a magnet in its brain that prevents an Onix from losing direction while tunneling. As it grows older, its body becomes steadily rounder and smoother.
Onix usually lives underground. It searches for food while boring its way through the ground at 50 miles per hour.
As Onix grows, the stone portions of its body harden to become similar to black-colored diamonds.
When Onix travels underground, it causes rumbling and tremors. It can move at 50 mph.
Onix squirms through the ground using its long and rugged body. It always eats while burrowing.
Onix burrows through the ground at a speed of 50 mph while feeding on large boulders.
Opening Onix's large mouth, it ingests massive amounts of soil and creates long tunnels.
Onix rapidly bores through the ground at 50 mph by squirming and twisting its massive, rugged body.

Puts enemies to sleep then eats Drowzee's dreams. Occasionally gets sick from eating bad dreams.
If you sleep by Drowzee all the time, it will sometimes show you dreams it has eaten in the past.
Drowzee puts its enemy to sleep and eats the victim's dreams. Said to have descended from the legendary beast, Baku.
If you think that you had a good dream, but you can't remember it, a Drowzee has probably eaten it.
Drowzee remembers every dream it eats. It rarely eats the dreams of adults because children's are much tastier.
When Drowzee twitches its nose, it can tell where someone is sleeping and what that person is dreaming about.
If you think that you had a good dream, but you can't remember it a Drowzee has probably eaten it.
If your nose becomes itchy while you are sleeping, Drowzee's a sure sign that one of these Pokémon is standing above your pillow and trying to eat your dream through your nostrils.
If your nose becomes itchy while you are sleeping, it's a sure sign that a Drowzee is standing above your pillow and trying to eat your dream through your nostrils.
A descendant of the legendary animal baku, which is said to eat dreams. Drowzee is skilled at hypnotism.
Puts enemies to sleep, then eats Drowzee's dreams. Occasionally gets sick from eating bad dreams.
Drowzee can tell what people are dreaming by sniffing with its big nose. It loves fun dreams.
Puts enemies to sleep, then eats Drowzee's dreams. Occasionally gets sick from eating only bad dreams.
If you think that you had a good dream but you can't remember it, a Drowzee has probably eaten it.
If your nose becomes itchy while you are sleeping, Drowzee's a sure sign that one of these Pokémon is standing above your pillow and trying to eat you dream through your nostrils.
A Pokémon that nourishes itself by eating dreams, Drowzee is thought to share common ancestry with Munna and Musharna.
Drowzee finds really fun dreams tasty. When it makes friends with people, it may show them the most delicious dreams it's ever eaten.
Drowzee can be spotted near recreational facilities, intending to eat the pleasant dreams of children who enjoyed themselves there that day.
It puts its prey to sleep and devours their dreams. It seems that bad dreams taste sour, so Drowzee doesn't particularly like eating them.
If you sleep by Drowzee all the time, it will sometimes show you dreams it had eaten in the past.

When it locks eyes with an enemy, it will use a mix of PSI moves such as Hypnosis and Confusion.
Avoid eye contact if you come across one. Hypno will try to put you to sleep by using its pendulum.
If you lock eyes with Hypno, it will try to hypnotize you. It is best to close your eyes quickly before you get hypnotized.
When Hypno is very hungry, it puts humans it meets to sleep, then it feasts on their dreams.
Always holding a pendulum that Hypno rocks at a steady rhythm, it causes drowsiness in anyone nearby.
The longer Hypno swings its pendulum, the longer the effects of its hypnosis last.
Hypno holds a pendulum in its hand. The arcing movement and glitter of the pendulum lull the foe into a deep state of hypnosis. While this Pokémon searches for prey, it polishes the pendulum.
The arcing movement and glitter of the pendulum in a Hypno's hand lull the foe into deep hypnosis. While searching for prey, it polishes the pendulum.
Hypno carries a pendulum-like device. There once was an incident in which it took away a child it hypnotized.
Seeing Hypno's swinging pendulum can induce sleep in three seconds, even in someone who just woke up.
Always holding a pendulum that Hypno swings at a steady rhythm, it causes drowsiness in anyone nearby.
While Hypno is an extremely dangerous Pokémon, people who are in need of a good, sound sleep call it their savior.
As a matter of course, Hypno makes anyone it meets fall asleep and has a taste of their dreams. Anyone having a good dream, it carries off.
In Alola, Komala is Hypno's main target. It rarely harms people.
There are some Hypno that assist doctors with patients who can't sleep at night in hospitals.
Avoid eye contact if you come across one. Hypno will try to put you to sleep by using its pendulum.

Krabby's pincers are not only powerful weapons, they are used for balance when walking sideways.
Krabby's pincers are superb weapons. They sometimes break off during battle, but they grow back fast.
Lives on beaches and seashores. If a pincer falls off, a new, stronger pincer grows back in Krabby's place.
If Krabby senses danger approaching, it cloaks itself with bubbles from its mouth so it will look bigger.
The pincers break off easily. If Krabby loses a pincer, it somehow becomes incapable of walking sideways.
If Krabby is unable to find food, it will absorb nutrients by swallowing a mouthful of sand.
Krabby live on beaches, burrowed inside holes dug into the sand. On sandy beaches with little in the way of food, these Pokémon can be seen squabbling with each other over territory.
Krabby live in holes dug into beaches. On sandy shores with little in the way of food, they can be seen squabbling with each other over territory.
Krabby can be found near the sea. The large pincers grow back if they are torn out of their sockets.
Krabby lives in burrows dug on sandy beaches. Its pincers fully grow back if they are broken in battle.
If Krabby senses danger approaching, it cloaks itself with bubbles from its mouth so it will look bigger.

The large pincer has 10000 hp of crushing power. However, Kingler's huge size makes it unwieldy to use.
One claw grew massively and as hard as steel. Kingler has 10,000-HP strength. However, it is too heavy.
Said to be capable of prying open Shellder and Cloyster shells using Kingler's 10,000-horsepower pincer.
Kingler can hardly lift its massive, overgrown pincer. The pincer's size makes it difficult to aim properly.
Kingler's pincers grow peculiarly large. If it lifts the pincers too fast, it loses its balance and staggers.
Kingler's over sized claw is very powerful, but when it's not in battle, the claw just gets in the way.
Kingler can hardly lift its massive, overgrown pincer. The pincers size makes it difficult to aim properly.
Kingler has an enormous, over sized claw. It waves this huge claw in the air to communicate with others. However, because the claw is so heavy, the Pokémon quickly tires.
Kingler waves its huge, over sized claw in the air to communicate with others. But since the claw is so heavy, this Pokémon quickly tires.
Kingler's large and hard pincer has 10,000-horsepower strength. However, being so big, it is unwieldy to move.
The larger pincer has 10,000-horsepower crushing force. However, Kingler's huge size makes it unwieldy to use.
The larger pincer has 10,000-horsepower strength. However, Kingler is so heavy, it is difficult to aim.
The large and hard pincer has 10,000-horsepower strength. However, being so big, Kingler is unwieldy to move.
Kingler's pincers grow particularly large. If it lifts the pincers too fast, it loses its balance and staggers.
Kingler has an enormous, oversized claw. It waves this huge claw in the air to communicate with others. However, because the claw is so heavy, the Pokémon quickly tires.
One claw grew massively and is as hard as steel. Kingler has 10,000-horsepower strength. However, it is too heavy.
Kingler's oversized claw is very powerful, but when it's not in battle, the claw just gets in the way.
The flow of Gigantamax energy has spurred Kingler's left pincer to grow to an enormous size. That claw can pulverize anything.
The bubbles Kingler spews out are strongly alkaline. Any opponents hit by them will have their bodies quickly melted away.

Usually found in power plants. Easily mistaken for a Poké Ball, Voltorb have zapped many people.
Voltorb is said to camouflage itself as a Poké Ball. It will self-destruct with very little stimulus.
Usually found in power plants. In some instances, Voltorb have been seen drawing power from the trolleys of electric trains.
Voltorb rolls to move. If the ground is uneven, a sudden jolt from hitting a bump can cause it to explode.
Voltorb was discovered when Poké Balls were introduced. It is said that there is some connection.
During the study of Voltorb, it was discovered that its components are not found in nature.
Voltorb was first sighted at a company that manufactures Poké Balls. The link between that sighting and the fact that this Pokémon looks very similar to a Poké Ball remains a mystery.
Voltorb is extremely sensitive - it explodes at the slightest of shocks. It is rumored that it was first created when a Poké Ball was exposed to a powerful pulse of energy.
Voltorb bears an uncanny and unexplained resemblance to a Poké Ball. Because it explodes at the slightest shock, even veteran trainers treat it with caution.
A life-form whose identity is unknown. Voltorb is said to screech or suddenly selfdestruct.
Usually found in power plants. Easily mistaken for a Poké Ball, Voltorb has zapped many people.
Voltorb looks just like a Poké Ball. It is dangerous because it may electrocute or explode on touch.
Voltorb looks just like a Poké Ball. It is dangerous because it may electrocute or explode on contact.
Voltorb is said to camouflage itself as a Poké Ball. It will self-destruct with very little stimulus.

Electrode stores electric energy under very high pressure. It often explodes with little or no provocation.
Stores electrical energy inside Electrode's body. Even the slightest shock could trigger a huge explosion.
Stores enormous amounts of electricity within Electrode's body and explodes with the slightest provocation. Extremely dangerous.
Electrode is dangerous. If it has too much electricity and has nothing to do, it amuses itself by exploding.
Electrode stores an overflowing amount of electric energy inside its body. Even a small shock makes it explode.
The more energy Electrode charges up, the faster it gets. But this also makes it more likely to explode.
Electrode eats electricity in the atmosphere. On days when lightning strikes, you can see this Pokémon exploding all over the place from eating too much electricity.
One of Electrode's characteristics is its attraction to electricity. It is a problematical Pokémon that congregates mostly at electrical power plants to feed on electricity that has just been generated.
Electrode appear in great numbers at electric power plants. Because they feed on electricity, they cause massive and chaotic blackouts in nearby cities.
Electrode explodes in response to even minor stimuli. It is feared, with the nickname of "The Bomb Ball.
Electrode is known to drift on winds if it is bloated to bursting with stored electricity.
Stores electrical energy inside Electrode's body. Even the slightest shock could trigger a huge explosion.

Often mistaken for eggs. When disturbed, Exeggcute quickly gather and attack in swarms.
The heads attract each other and spin around. There must be 6 heads for Exeggcute to maintain balance.
A Pokémon that is like the seeds of a plant. If you find one and chase Exeggcute, others will join it without you noticing.
The shell is very durable. Even if Exeggcute cracks, it can survive without spilling the contents.
Using telepathy only they can receive, they always form a cluster of six Exeggcute.
If even one is separated from the group, the energy bond between the six will make Exeggcute rejoin instantly.
This Pokémon consists of six eggs that form a closely knit cluster. The six eggs attract each other and spin around. When cracks increasingly appear on the eggs, Exeggcute is close to evolution.
Exeggcute consists of six eggs that care for each other. The eggs attract each other and spin around. When cracks increasingly appear, it is close to evolution.
Even though Exeggcute appears to be eggs of some sort, it was discovered to be a life-form more like plant seeds.
Exeggcute is often mistaken for eggs. When disturbed, they gather quickly and attack in swarms.
Exeggcute's six eggs converse using telepathy. They can quickly gather if they become separated.
Using telepathy only they can employ, they always form a cluster of six Exeggcute.
Exeggcute's six eggs use telepathy to communicate among themselves. It is believed to carry plant genes and the genes of other species.
Six of Exeggcute together form a full-fledged Pokémon. It's often hunted by Crabrawler, but uses psychokinesis to drive it off.
Six of Exeggcute form a single Pokémon. Should one of the six be lost, the next morning there will once more be six.
Although they are the same size as other Exeggcute, the ones produced in Alola are quite heavy. Their shells are packed full.
The heads attract each other and spin around. There must be six heads for Exeggcute to maintain balance.

Legend has Exeggutor that on rare occasions, one of its heads will drop off and continue on as an Exeggcute.
Exeggutor's cries are very noisy. This is because each of the three heads thinks about whatever it likes.
Each of the fruits is an independently-thinking head. Exeggutor is said that if one drops off, it becomes an Exeggcute.
Exeggutor's three heads think independently. However, they are friendly and never appear to squabble.
If a head drops off, Exeggutor emits a telepathic call in search of others to form an Exeggcute cluster.
Living in a good environment makes Exeggutor grow lots of heads. A head that drops off becomes an Exeggcute.
Exeggutor originally came from the tropics. Its heads steadily grow larger from exposure to strong sunlight. It is said that when the heads fall off, they group together to form Exeggcute.
Originally from the tropics, Exeggutor's heads grow larger from exposure to strong sunlight. It is said that when the heads fall, they group to form an Exeggcute.
Exeggutor is called "The Walking Tropical Rainforest. " Each of the nuts has a face and will of its own.
Exeggutor is called "The Walking Jungle. " If a head grows too big, it falls off and becomes an Exeggcute.
Each of Exeggutor's heads has its own will. They use telepathy to discuss their plans before coming to a joint decision.
When the time comes, one of Exeggutor's three heads falls off. Before long, the fallen head grows into an Exeggcute.
Exeggutor engages its enemies using psychic powers. Each of its three heads fires off psychokinetic energy, tripling its power.
Each of its three heads has its own thoughts. When they want to go in different directions, Exeggutor becomes unable to move.
Alola is the best environment for this Pokémon. Local people take pride in its appearance, saying this is how Exeggutor ought to look.
As Exeggutor grew taller and taller, it outgrew its reliance on psychic powers, while within it awakened the power of the sleeping dragon.
Exeggutor is the pride of the Alolan people. Its image is carved into historical buildings and murals.
It swings its long neck like a whip and smacks its opponents. This makes Exeggutor itself dizzy, too.
The strong sunlight of the Alola region has awakened the power hidden within Exeggcute. This is the result.

Because it never removes its skull helmet, no one has ever seen Cubone's real face.
Wears the skull of Cubone's deceased mother. Its cries echo inside the skull and come out as a sad melody.
Always wears the skull of Cubone's deceased mother on its head and never shows its face. It cries mournfully in the moonlight.
If Cubone is sad or lonely, the skull it wears shakes, and emits a plaintive and mournful sound.
Cubone always wears the skull of its dead mother, so no one has any idea what its hidden face looks like.
Cubone lost its mother after its birth. It wears its mother's skull, never revealing its true face.
Cubone pines for the mother it will never see again. Seeing a likeness of its mother in the full moon, it cries. The stains on the skull the Pokémon wears are made by the tears it sheds.
Cubone pines for the mother it will never see again. Seeing a likeness of its mother in the full moon, it cries. The stains on the skull it wears are from its tears.
Cubone wears the skull of its dead mother on its head. When it becomes lonesome, it is said to cry loudly.
When Cubone thinks of its dead mother, it cries. Its crying makes the skull it wears rattle hollowly.
When Cubone thinks of its deceased mother, it weeps loudly. Mandibuzz that hear its cries will attack it from the air.
The skull Cubone wears on its head is that of its dead mother. According to some, it will evolve when it comes to terms with the pain of her death.
At night, Cubone weeps loudly for its dead mother, but those cries only attract its natural enemy—Mandibuzz.
Cubone wears its mother's skull on its head, so no one knows what its bare face looks like. However, it's clear that it's always crying.
Wears the skull of Cubone's deceased mother. Its cries echo inside the skull and come out as a sad melody.

The bone Marowak holds is its key weapon. It throws the bone skillfully like a boomerang to KO targets.
Small and weak, Marowak is adept with its Bone Club. It has grown more vicious over the ages.
Originally a small and weak Pokémon, Marowak became rough and aggressive when it begin
using bones as weapons.
Marowak has been seen pounding boulders with the bone it carries in order to tap out messages to others.
It collects bones from an unknown place. A Marowak graveyard exists somewhere in the world, rumors say.
Somewhere in the world is a cemetery just for Marowak. It gets its bones from those graves.
Marowak is the evolved form of a Cubone that has overcome its sadness at the loss of its mother and grown tough. This Pokémon's tempered and hardened spirit is not easily broken.
A Marowak is the evolved form of a Cubone that has grown tough by overcoming the grief of losing its mother. Its tempered and hardened spirit is not easily broken.
Marowak is small and was originally very weak. Its temperament turned ferocious when it began using bones.
From its birth, Marowak constantly holds bones. It is skilled in using them as weapons.
It collects bones from an unknown place. Some whisper that a Marowak graveyard exists somewhere in the world.
Marowak is the evolved form of a Cubone that has overcome its sadness at the loss of its mother and grown tough. This Pokemon's tempered and hardened spirit is not easily broken.
Originally, Marowak was weak and timid. After evolution, its temperament becomes violent, and it begins to wield bones as weapons.
Marowak is out for vengeance on its natural enemy, Mandibuzz. It throws bones like boomerangs to try to take it down.
It throws bones at Mandibuzz to knock it down. It's thought that Marowak is trying to avenge its parent.
Marowak thump their bones rhythmically to communicate among themselves. There are nearly 50 different rhythmic patterns.
Small and weak, Marowak is adept with its bone club. It has grown more vicious over the ages.
The bones Marowak possesses were once its mother's. Its mother's regrets have become like a vengeful spirit protecting this Pokémon.
Its custom is to mourn its lost companions. Mounds of dirt by the side of the road mark the graves of the Marowak.
The rich greenery of the Alola region is hard on Marowak. It controls fire to stay alive.
When Marowak beats opponents with its bone, the cursed flames spread to them. No amount of water will stop those flames from burning.
Marowak has transformed the spirit of its dear departed mother into flames, and tonight it will once again dance in mourning of others of its kind.

When in a hurry, Hitmonlee's legs lengthen progressively. It runs smoothly with extra long, loping strides.
When kicking, the sole of Hitmonlee's foot turns as hard as a diamond on impact and destroys its enemy.
Repeatedly kicks Hitmonlee's enemy with legs that freely stretch and contract. Some people refer to it as the "kicking master.
Hitmonlee has an awesome sense of balance. It can kick in succession from any position.
If Hitmonlee starts kicking repeatedly, both legs will stretch even longer to strike a fleeing foe.
Hitmonlee is also called the Kick Master. It uses its elastic legs to execute every known kick.
Hitmonlee's legs freely contract and stretch. Using these springlike legs, it bowls over foes with devastating kicks. After battle, it rubs down its legs and loosens the muscles to overcome fatigue.
Hitmonlee's legs freely stretch and contract. Using these springlike limbs, it bowls over foes with devastating kicks. After battle, it rubs down its tired legs.
The legs freely contract and stretch. The stretchy legs allow Hitmonlee to hit a distant foe with a rising kick.
When in a hurry, Hitmonlee's legs lengthen progressively. It runs smoothly with extra-long, loping strides.
Hitmonlee's legs can stretch double. First-time foes are startled by its extensible reach.
If Hitmonlee starts kicking repeatedly, both legs will stretch to strike a fleeing foe.
The legs freely contract and stretch. The stretchy legs allow Hitmonlee to hit a distant foe with a rising kick.

While apparently doing nothing, Hitmonchan fires punches in lightning fast volleys that are impossible to see.
Punches in corkscrew fashion. Hitmonchan can punch its way through a concrete wall in the same way as a drill.
Adept at punching invisibly quick at bullet-train speed. Hitmonchan takes a break every three minutes as it moves around.
Hitmonchan's punches slice through the air. However, it seems to need a short break after fighting for three minutes.
Hitmonchan's punches slice the air. They are launched at such high speed, even a slight graze could cause a burn.
To increase the strength of all Hitmonchan's punch moves, it spins its arms just before making contact.
A Hitmonchan is said to possess the spirit of a boxer who had been working towards a world championship. This Pokémon has an indomitable spirit and will never give up in the face of adversity.
A Hitmonchan is said to possess the spirit of a boxer who aimed to become the world champion. Having an indomitable spirit means that it will never give up.
The spirit of a pro boxer has infused Hitmonchan. It throws punches that are faster than a bullet train.
The arm-twisting punches Hitmonchan throws pulverize even concrete. It rests after three minutes of fighting.
Hitmonchan's punches slice the air. However, it seems to need a short break after fighting for three minutes.
Hitmonchan is said to possess the spirit of a boxer who had been working toward a world championship. This Pokémon has an indomitable spirit and will never give up in the face of adversity.
Punches in corkscrew fashion. Hitmonchan can punch its way through a concrete wall like a drill.
Hitmonchan's punches slice the air. However, it seems to need a short break after fighting for three minutes.

Lickitung's tongue can be extended like a chameleon's. It leaves a tingling sensation when it licks enemies.
Lickitung's tongue spans almost 7 feet and moves more freely than its forelegs. Its licks can cause paralysis.
Lickitung's tongue, twice its body's length, moves around freely to catch prey. Its licks cause a tingling sensation.
Lickitung's tongue has well-developed nerves that run to the very tip, so it can be deftly manipulated.
Lickitung's long tongue, slathered with a thick gooey saliva, sticks to anything, so it is very useful.
Lickitung has a tongue that is over 6'6" long. It uses this long tongue to lick its body clean.
Whenever Lickitung comes across something new, it will unfailingly give it a lick. It does so because it memorizes things by texture and by taste. It is somewhat put off by sour things.
Whenever Lickitung sees something unfamiliar, it always licks the object because it memorizes things by texture and taste. It is somewhat put off by sour things.
Lickitung's tongue is twice the length of its body. It can be moved like an arm for grabbing food and attacking.
Instead of hands, Lickitung uses its tongue, which is twice its height. Its sticky saliva grips anything.
When Lickitung extends its over-six-foot-long tongue, its tail quivers. There is a possibility they are connected.
Lickitung's long tongue, slathered with a gooey saliva, sticks to anything, so it is very useful.
Being licked by Lickitung's long, saliva-covered tongue leaves a tingling sensation. Extending its tongue retracts its tail.
Lickitung's long tongue, slathered in a gooey saliva, sticks to anything, so it is very useful.
Lickitung checks out whatever's around it by licking everything.
Lickitung licks filth clean with its tongue. Whatever it licks always stinks afterward, so whether it's really clean is...questionable.
Lickitung's tongue spans almost seven feet and moves more freely than its forelegs. Its licks can cause paralysis.

Because Koffing stores several kinds of toxic gases in its body, it is prone to exploding without warning.
In hot places, Koffing's internal gases could expand and explode without any warning.
A Pokémon that is like a thin-skinned balloon filled with a highly toxic gas. Known to occasionally explode.
Koffing's thin, flimsy body is filled with gases that cause constant sniffles, coughs and teary eyes.
The poisonous gases Koffing contains are a little bit lighter than air, keeping it slightly airborne.
If one gets close enough to Koffing when it expels poisonous gas, the gas swirling inside it can be seen.
If Koffing becomes agitated, it raises the toxicity of its internal gases and then jets them out from all over its body. This Pokémon may overinflate its round body, then explode.
Koffing embodies toxic substances. It mixes the toxins with raw garbage to set off a chemical reaction that results in a terribly powerful Poison Gas. The higher the temperature, the more gas is concocted by this Pokémon.
Getting up close to a Koffing will give you a chance to observe, through its thin skin, the toxic gases swirling inside. It blows up at the slightest stimulation.
Koffing's thin, balloon-like body is inflated by horribly toxic gases. It reeks when it is nearby.
Lighter-than-air gases in Koffing's body keep it aloft. The gases not only smell, they are also explosive.
Toxic gas is held within Koffing's thin, balloon-shaped body, so it can cause massive explosions.
If Koffing becomes agitated, it raises the toxicity of its internal gases and then jets them out from all over its body. This Pokémon may also overinflate its round body, then explode.
Koffing's body is full of poisonous gas. It floats into garbage dumps, seeking out the fumes of raw, rotting trash.
It adores polluted air. Some claim that Koffing used to be more plentiful in the Galar region than they are now.

Where two kinds of poison gases meet, 2 Koffings can fuse into a Weezing over many years.
Weezing lives and grows by absorbing dust, germs, and poison gases that are contained in toxic waste and garbage.
A twinned Koffing that forms on rare occasions where poisonous gases pool. Weezing's two toxic gases appear to be different.
If one of the twin Koffing inflates, the other one deflates. Weezing constantly mixes its poisonous gases.
Top-grade perfume is made using Weezing's internal poison gases by diluting them to the highest level.
When Weezing inhales poisonous gases from garbage, its body expands, and its insides smell much worse.
Weezing loves the gases given off by rotted kitchen garbage. This Pokémon will find a dirty, unkempt house and make it its home. At night, when the people in the house are asleep, it will go through the trash.
Weezing alternately shrinks and inflates its twin bodies to mix together toxic gases inside. The more the gases are mixed, the more powerful the toxins become. The Pokémon also becomes more putrid.
By diluting its toxic gases with a special process, the highest grade of perfume can be extracted. To Weezing, gases emanating from garbage are the ultimate feast.
Very rarely, a sudden mutation can result in two small Koffing twins becoming conjoined as a Weezing.
Where two kinds of poison gases meet, two Koffings can fuse into a Weezing over many years.
Weezing grows by feeding on gases released by garbage. Though very rare, triplets have been found.
Inhaling toxic fumes from trash and mixing Weezing inside its body lets it spread an even fouler stench.
Weezing lives and grows by absorbing poison gas, dust, and germs that exist inside garbage.
Weezing mixes gases between its two bodies. It's said that these Pokémon were seen all over the Galar region back in the day.
It can't suck in air quite as well as a Galarian Weezing, but the toxins it creates are more potent than those of its counterpart.
Weezing consumes particles that contaminate the air. Instead of leaving droppings, it expels clean air.
Long ago, during a time when droves of factories fouled the air with pollution, Weezing changed into this form for some reason.

Rhyhorn's massive bones are 1000 times harder than human bones. It can easily knock a trailer flying.
A Pokémon with a one-track mind. Once Rhyhorn charges, it won't stop running until it falls asleep.
Rhyhorn's bones are 1,000 times harder than human bones. Using its durability and strength, it can destroy tall buildings.
Rhyhorn is inept at turning because of its four short legs. It can only charge and run in one direction.
Rhyhorn doesn't care if there is anything in its way. It just charges and destroys all obstacles.
Rhyhorn can remember only one thing at a time. Once it starts rushing, it forgets why it started.
Rhyhorn runs in a straight line, smashing everything in its path. It is not bothered even if it rushes headlong into a block of steel. This Pokémon may feel some pain from the collision the next day, however.
Rhyhorn's brain is very small. It is so dense, while on a run it forgets why it started running in the first place. It apparently remembers sometimes if it demolishes something.
Once Rhyhorn starts running, it doesn't stop. Its tiny brain makes it so stupid that it can't remember why it started running in the first place.
Strong, but not too bright, Rhyhorn can shatter even a skyscraper with its charging tackles.
Rhyhorn's body is clad in a thick hide, and its tackles topple buildings. Unfortunately, it is not smart.
Rhyhorn's powerful tackles can destroy anything. However, it is too slow witted to help people work.
Strong, but not too bright, Rhyhorn can shatter even a skyscraper with its charging Tackles.
Rhyhorn can remember only one thing at a time. Once it starts rushing, it forgets why it started.

Protected by an armor-like hide, Rhydon is capable of living in molten lava of 3,600 degrees.
Walks on Rhydon's hind legs. Shows signs of intelligence. Its armor-like hide even repels molten lava.
Protected by an armor-like hide, Rhydon can survive in lava over 3,600 degrees. Its horn can bore holes through boulders.
Rhydon's rugged hide protects it from even the heat of lava. However, the hide also makes it insensitive.
Rhydon's brain developed when it began walking on hind legs. Its thick hide protects it even in magma.
By lightly spinning Rhydon's drill-like horn, it can easily shatter even a diamond in the rough.
Rhydon's horn can crush even uncut diamonds. One sweeping blow of its tail can topple a building. This Pokémon's hide is extremely tough. Even direct cannon hits don't leave a scratch.
Rhydon has a horn that serves as a drill. It is used for destroying rocks and boulders. This Pokémon occasionally rams into streams of magma, but the armor-like hide prevents it from feeling the heat.
Rhydon's horn, which rotates like a drill, destroys tall buildings with one strike. It stands on its hind legs, and its brain is well developed.
Rhydon begins walking on its hind legs after evolution. It can punch holes through boulders with its horn.
Rhydon's brain developed after it stood up on its hind legs. Its drill horn bores tunnels through solid rock.
Standing on Rhydon's hind legs freed its forelegs and made it smarter. It is very forgetful, however.
Protected by an armor-like hide, Rhydon is capable of living in molten lava of 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit.
Rhydon's brain developed when it began walking on its hind legs. Its armor-like hide even repels molten lava.
Protected by an armor-like hide, Rhydon is capable of living in molten lava of 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit.

A rare and elusive Pokémon that is said to bring happiness to those who manage to get Chansey.
A gentle and kind-hearted Pokémon that shares Chansey's nutritious eggs if it sees an injured Pokémon.
Lays very succulent eggs every day. If Chansey is treated with love and care, its eggs appear to become even more delicious.
Chansey walks carefully to prevent its egg from breaking. However, it is extremely fast at running away.
Few in numbers and difficult to capture, Chansey is said to bring happiness to the trainer who catches it.
People try to catch Chansey for its extremely nutritious eggs, but it rarely can be found.
Chansey lays nutritionally excellent eggs on an everyday basis. The eggs are so delicious, they are easily and eagerly devoured by even those people who have lost their appetite.
Chansey lay nutritionally excellent eggs every day. The eggs are so delicious, they are eagerly devoured by even those people who have lost their appetite.
Chansey lays several eggs a day. The eggs are apparently rich in nutrients and extremely delicious.
Chansey is said to deliver happiness. Being compassionate, it shares its eggs with injured people.
Chansey lays several eggs a day and won't share them with those who have evil in their hearts.
A kindly Pokémon that lays highly nutritious eggs and shares Chansey with injured Pokémon or people.
Being few in number and difficult to capture, Chansey is said to bring happiness to the Trainer who catches it.
The eggs laid by Chansey are rich in nutrients and a favorite food of many Pokémon.
Not only are these Pokémon fast runners, Chansey're also few in number, so anyone who finds one must be lucky indeed.
It seems that other Pokémon's efforts to take its delicious, nutritious egg away from it caused Chansey to get faster at fleeing.
Because the eggs on their bellies have been overharvested by people in the past, the Chansey population remains very small.
A gentle and kindhearted Pokémon that shares Chansey's nutritious eggs if it sees an injured Pokémon.

The whole body is swathed with wide vines that are similar to seaweed. Tangela's vines shake as it walks.
Tangela's identity is obscured by masses of thick, blue vines. The vines are said to never stop growing.
Tangela's identity is obscured by countless blue vines that are similar to seaweed. Will become entangled with anything.
The vines that cloak Tangela's entire body are always jiggling. They effectively unnerve its foes.
Tangela tangles any moving thing with its vines. Their subtle shaking is ticklish if you get ensnared.
During battle, Tangela constantly moves the vines that cover its body in order to annoy its opponent.
Tangela's vines snap off easily if they are grabbed. This happens without pain, allowing it to make a quick getaway. The lost vines are replaced by newly grown vines the very next day.
Tangela's vines snap off easily and painlessly if they are grabbed, allowing it to make a quick getaway. The lost vines are replaced by new growth the very next day.
Blue plant vines cloak the Pokémon's identity in a tangled mass. Tangela entangles anything that gets close.
The whole body is swathed with wide vines that are similar to seaweed. The vines sway as Tangela walks.
Tangela is shrouded by blue vines. No one has seen the face hidden behind this growth of vines.
The blue vines shrouding Tangela's body are covered in a growth of fine hair. It is known to be ticklish.
Many writhing vines cover Tangela, so its true identity remains unknown. The blue vines grow its whole life long.
Tangela's identity is obscured by masses of thick blue vines. The vines are said to never stop growing.

The infant rarely ventures out of Kangaskhan's mother's protective pouch until it is 3 years old.
Raises Kangaskhan's young in its belly pouch. Won't run from any fight to keep its young protected.
The female raises Kangaskhan's young in its belly pouch for around three years. The young is taken out once it learns to find food.
If Kangaskhan is safe, the young gets out of the belly pouch to play. The adult keeps a close eye on the youngster.
To protect Kangaskhan's young, it will never give up during battle, no matter how badly wounded it is.
To avoid crushing the baby Kangaskhan carries in its pouch, it always sleeps standing up.
If you come across a young Kangaskhan playing by itself, you must never disturb it or attempt to catch it. The baby Pokémon's parent is sure to be in the area, and it will become violently enraged at you.
If you come across a young Kangaskhan playing by itself, never try to catch it. The baby's parent is sure to be in the area, and it will become violently enraged.
The female raises Kangaskhan's offspring in a pouch on its belly. It is skilled at attacking using Comet Punch.
Kangaskhan raises its offspring in its belly pouch. It lets the baby out to play only when it feels safe.
Kangaskhan's maternal love is so deep that it will brave death to protect its offspring.
The child in Kangaskhan's pouch leaves home after roughly three years. That is the only time the mother is heard to cry wildly.
Kangaskhan protects its child by keeping it in its pouch. It has zero forgiveness for those who harm its child and will beat them down.
You shouldn't get close to the child when Kangaskhan's playing outside its mother's pouch. Its mother is always nearby watching over it.
Mega Kangaskhan's strength derives from the mother's happiness about her child's growth. Watching it grow up keeps her spirits high.
Thanks to Mega Evolution, Kangaskhan's child grows. But as the child is good only at fighting and nothing else, its mother feels uneasy about its future.
The explosive energy the child is bathed in causes temporary growth. The mother is beside herself with worry about Kangaskhan.
When the mother sees the back of her Mega-Evolved child, Kangaskhan makes her think of the day when her child will inevitably leave her.
Kangaskhan's child has grown rapidly, thanks to the energy of Mega Evolution. Mother and child show their harmonious teamwork in battle.

Known to shoot down flying bugs with precision blasts of ink from the surface of the water.
If Horsea senses any danger, it will vigorously spray water or a special type of ink from its mouth.
Uses Horsea's tail to keep its balance while spraying ink from its mouth. The ink appears to be for shooting down bugs.
If attacked by a larger enemy, Horsea quickly swims to safety by adeptly controlling its dorsal fin.
Horsea's big, developed fins move rapidly, allowing it to swim backward while still facing forward.
When Horsea're in a safe location, they can be seen playfully tangling their tails together.
Horsea eats small insects and moss off of rocks. If the ocean current turns fast, this Pokémon anchors itself by wrapping its tail around rocks or coral to prevent being washed away.
If Horsea senses danger, it will reflexively spray a dense black ink from its mouth and try to escape. This Pokémon swims by cleverly flapping the fins on its back.
By cleverly flicking the fins on Horsea's back side to side, it moves in any direction while facing forward. It spits ink to escape if it senses danger.
Horsea maintains balance using its tail, which is wound up like a coil. It may spray ink from its mouth.
Horsea makes its nest in the shade of corals. If it senses danger, it spits murky ink and flees.
If Horsea senses danger, it will reflexively spray a dense black ink from its mouth and try to escape. This Pokémon swims by cleverly flapping the fin on its back.
If Horsea senses any danger, it will vigorously spray water or a special type of ink from its mouth.

Capable of swimming backwards by rapidly flapping Seadra's wing-like pectoral fins and stout tail.
Touching the back fin causes numbness. Seadra hooks its tail to coral to stay in place while sleeping.
A clever Pokémon that can swim backwards while facing forward. Fainting may result from a jab of Seadra's sharp spikes.
An examination of Seadra's cells revealed the presence of a gene not found in Horsea. It became a hot topic.
Seadra's fin tips leak poison. Its fins and bones are highly valued as ingredients in herbal medicine.
The male raises the young. If Seadra is approached, it uses its toxic spikes to fend off the intruder.
An examination of Seadra's cell revealed the presence of a gene not found in Horsea. It became a hot topic.
Seadra sleeps after wriggling itself between the branches of coral. Those trying to harvest coral are occasionally stung by this Pokémon's poison barbs if they fail to notice it.
Seadra generates whirlpools by spinning its body. The whirlpools are strong enough to swallow even fishing boats. This Pokémon weakens prey with these currents, then swallows it whole.
The poisonous barbs all over Seadra's body are highly valued as ingredients for making traditional herbal medicine. It shows no mercy to anything approaching its nest.
Seadra's body bristles with sharp spikes. Carelessly trying to touch it could cause fainting from the spikes.
Seadra is capable of swimming backwards by rapidly flapping its winglike pectoral fins and stout tail.
Seadra's spines provide protection. Its fins and bones are prized as traditional medicine ingredients.
Seadra's spines provide protection. Its fins and bones are prized as traditional-medicine ingredients.
Touching the back fin causes numbness. Seadra hooks its tail to coral to stay in place while sleeping.

Goldeen's tail fin billows like an elegant ballroom dress, giving it the nickname of the Water Queen.
When Goldeen is time for them to lay eggs, they can be seen swimming up rivers and falls in large groups.
Goldeen's beautiful tail fin billows and flutters like an elegant dress. Swims at a speed of five knots.
Goldeen's dorsal, pectoral and tail fins wave elegantly in water. That is why it is known as the water dancer.
A strong swimmer, Goldeen is capable of swimming nonstop up fast streams at a steady speed of five knots.
During spawning season, Goldeen swim gracefully in the water, searching for their perfect mate.
Goldeen is a very beautiful Pokémon with fins that billow elegantly in water. However, don't let your guard down around this Pokémon - it could ram you powerfully with its horn.
Goldeen loves swimming wild and free in rivers and ponds. If one of these Pokémon is placed in an aquarium, it will shatter even the thickest glass with one ram of its horn and make its escape.
In the springtime, schools of Goldeen can be seen swimming up falls and rivers. It metes out staggering damage with its single horn.
Goldeen's dorsal and pectoral fins are strongly developed like muscles. It can swim at a speed of five knots.
Goldeen's tail fin billows like an elegant ballroom dress, giving it the nickname of "The Water Queen".
Goldeen swims elegantly by flittering its tail fin as if it were a dress. It has the look of a queen.
Goldeen swims at a steady 5 knots. If it senses danger, it will strike back with its sharp horn.
Though Goldeen appears very elegant when swimming with fins unfurled, it can jab powerfully with its horn.
A strong swimmer, Goldeen is capable of swimming nonstop up fast streams at a steady speed of five knots per hour.
Goldeen is a very beautiful Pokémon with fins that billow elegantly in water. However, don't let your guard down around this Pokémon—it could ram you powerfully with its horn.
When the weather grows warm, Goldeen form groups and swim upriver. This sight serves as a poetic reminder that spring has arrived.
Spellbound by the length of its horn and the beauty of its fins, many strange Trainers raise Goldeen and nothing but Goldeen.
Although known for their splendid tail fins, Goldeen apparently compete among themselves to see whose horn is thickest and sharpest.
The way Goldeen swims along fluttering its dress-like fins has earned it the name “princess of the water.
Goldeen's dorsal, pectoral, and tail fins wave elegantly in water. That is why it is known as the Water Dancer.
Goldeen's dorsal and pectoral fins are strongly developed like muscles. It can swim at a speed of five knots.

In the autumn spawning season, Seaking can be seen swimming powerfully up rivers and creeks.
Seaking is the male's job to make a nest by carving out boulders in a stream using the horn on its head.
In the autumn, Seaking travel up rivers to spawn. In other seasons, they make and live in their own nests.
During spawning season, Seaking gather from all over, coloring the rivers a brilliant red.
Using Seaking's horn, it bores holes in riverbed boulders, making nests to prevent its eggs from washing away.
When autumn comes, the males patrol the area around Seaking's nests in order to protect their offspring.
In the autumn, Seaking males can be seen performing courtship dances in riverbeds to woo females. During this season, this Pokémon's body coloration is at its most beautiful.
Seaking is very protective of its eggs. The male and female will take turns patrolling around their nest and eggs. The guarding of eggs by these Pokémon goes on for over a month.
Seaking punches holes in boulders on stream-beds. This is a clever innovation that prevents its eggs from being attacked or washed away by the current.
The horn on Seaking's head is sharp like a drill. It bores a hole in a boulder to make its nest.
Seaking makes its nest by hollowing out boulders in streams with its horn. It defends its eggs with its life.
To protect Seaking's family, it will fight with its drill-sharp horn. It lives in hollowed rocks in streams.
In autumn, Seaking's body becomes more fatty in preparing to propose to a mate. It takes on beautiful colors.
When the weather grows cold, Seaking's whole body flushes a deep red. This sight serves as a poetic reminder that autumn has arrived.
Trainers who are crazy for Seaking are divided into horn enthusiasts and fin enthusiasts. The two groups do not get along well.
Seaking's horn spins like a drill to steadily hollow out rocks—even harder ones. The coloration of the male is more vivid.
To attract females, males dance on the river's floor. The females gather around the male that dances most gracefully.
Using Seaking's horn, it bores holes in riverbed boulders, making nests to prevent its eggs from washing away.

An enigmatic Pokémon that can effortlessly regenerate any appendage Staryu loses in battle.
As long as the center section is unharmed, Staryu can grow back fully even if it is chopped to bits.
Staryu is capable of growing back any portion of its body that is cut off. At night, the center core glows with a red light.
At night, the center of Staryu's body slowly flickers with the same rhythm as a human heartbeat.
Even if Staryu's body is torn, it can regenerate as long as the glowing central core remains intact.
When the stars twinkle at night, Staryu floats up from the sea floor, and its body's center core flickers.
Staryu's center section has an organ called the core that shines bright red. If you go to a beach toward the end of summer, the glowing cores of these Pokémon look like the stars in the sky.
Staryu apparently communicates with the stars in the night sky by flashing the red core at the center of its body. If parts of its body are torn, this Pokémon simply regenerates the missing pieces and limbs.
Staryu gathers with others in the night and makes its red core glow on and off with the twinkling stars. It can regenerate limbs if they are severed from its body.
Staryu appears in large numbers by seashores. At night, its central core flashes with a red light.
If Staryu's body is torn, it can grow back if the red core remains. The core flashes at midnight.
As long as Staryu's red core remains, it can regenerate its body instantly, even if it's torn apart.
Large numbers of these Pokémon make Staryu's home at the seaside. At night, a strange red glow radiates from the center of their bodies.
Staryu gets nibbled on by Lumineon and others. Thanks to its red core, it regenerates fast, so it's unconcerned by their snack attacks.
In many places, there are folktales of stardust falling into the ocean and becoming Staryu.
No number of injuries can bother Staryu.
As long as the center section is unharmed, Staryu can grow back fully even if it is chopped to bits.

Starmie's central core glows with the seven colors of the rainbow. Some people value the core as a gem.
The center section is named the core. People think Starmie is communicating when it glows in 7 colors.
When away from human eyes, Starmie's core is said to glow mysteriously in seven colors. This Pokémon may have come from outer space.
The center section of Starmie's body is called the core. It glows in a different color each time it is seen.
Regardless of the environment Starmie lives in, its body grows to form a symmetrical geometric shape.
Starmie is said that it uses the seven colored core of its body to send electric waves into outer space.
Starmie's center section - the core - glows brightly in seven colors. Because of its luminous nature, this Pokémon has been given the nickname "the gem of the sea.
Starmie swims through water by spinning its star-shaped body as if it were a propeller on a ship. The core at the center of this Pokémon's body glows in seven colors.
People in ancient times imagined that Starmie were transformed from the reflections of stars that twinkled on gentle waves at night.
Starmie has a geometric body. Because of its body, the locals suspect that it is an alien creature.
At the center of Starmie's body is a red core, which sends mysterious radio signals into the night sky.
Starmie's core shines in many colors and sends radio signals into space to communicate with something.
Starmie's center section-the core-glows brightly in seven colors. Because of its luminous nature, this Pokémon has been given the nickname "the gem of the sea.
Starmie's shining core is thought to receive and transmit enigmatic signals. It has been known to cause headaches in those who approach it.
Its unusual body shape, reminiscent of abstract art, led local people to spread rumors that Starmie may be an invader from outer space.
Starmie's sparkling core is called “the gem of the sea.” This core can be made into high-priced accessories that are traded in secret.
Starmie rotates its geometrically shaped body to swim through the water. It always seems to be sending out mysterious radio waves.
The center section is named the core. People think Starmie is communicating when it glows in seven colors.

Mr.
If interrupted while Mr. Mime is miming, it will slap around the offender with its broad hands.
Always practices Mr. Mime's pantomime act. It makes enemies believe something exists that really doesn't.
Mr. Mime is an expert at miming and loves to perform. It is said to slap around anyone who disturbs it with its broad hands.
A skilled mime from birth, Mr. Mime gains the ability to create invisible objects as it matures.
Mr. Mime's fingertips emit a peculiar force field that hardens air to create an actual wall.
Mr. Mime uses the mysterious power it has in its fingers to solidify air into an invisible wall.
Mr. Mime is a master of pantomime. Its gestures and motions convince watchers that something unseeable actually exists. Once it is believed, it will exist as if it were a real thing.
A Mr. Mime is a master of pantomime. It can convince others that something unseeable actually exists. Once believed, the imaginary object does become real.
Mr. Mime is adept at conning people. It is said to be able to create walls out of thin air by miming.
If interrupted while Mr. Mime is miming, it will suddenly DoubleSlap the offender with its broad hands.
Mr. Mime is a pantomime expert that can create invisible but solid walls using miming gestures.
Emanations from Mr. Mime's fingertips solidify the air into invisible walls that repel even harsh attacks.
Mr. Mime shapes an invisible wall in midair by minutely vibrating its fingertips to stop molecules in the air.
Mr. Mime is a master of pantomime. Its gestures and motions convince watchers that something unseeable actually exists. Once the watchers are convinced, the unseeable thing exists as if it were real.
Its pantomime skills are wonderful. You may become enraptured while watching it, but next thing you know, Mr. Mime has made a real wall.
Mr. Mime creates invisible walls with its pantomiming.
The broadness of Mr. Mime's hands may be no coincidence—many scientists believe its palms became enlarged specifically for pantomiming.
Mr. Mime's known for its top-notch pantomime skills. It protects itself from all sorts of attacks by emitting auras from its fingers to create walls.
Galarian Mr.
Mr. Mime's talent is tap-dancing. It can also manipulate temperatures to create a floor of ice, which this Pokémon can kick up to use as a barrier.
Mr. Mime can radiate chilliness from the bottoms of its feet. It'll spend the whole day tap-dancing on a frozen floor.

With ninja-like agility and speed, Scyther can create the illusion that there is more than one.
Leaps out of tall grass and slices prey with Scyther's scythes. The movement looks like that of a ninja.
Moves incredibly quickly and shreds Scyther's enemy with its razor-sharp scythes. On rare occasions, it flies with its wings.
Scyther slashes through grass with its sharp scythes, moving too fast for the human eye to track.
When Scyther moves, it leaves only a blur. If it hides in grass, its protective colors make it invisible.
Scyther's very proud of its speed. It moves so fast that its opponent does not even know what knocked it down.
Scyther is blindingly fast. Its blazing speed enhances the effectiveness of the twin scythes on its forearms. This Pokémon's scythes are so effective, they can slice through thick logs in one wicked stroke.
Scyther's blindingly fast speed adds to the sharpness of its twin forearm scythes. The scythes can slice through thick logs in one wicked stroke.
Scyther tears and shreds prey with its wickedly sharp scythes. It very rarely spreads its wings to fly.
Scyther is nearly impossible to parry its attacking scythes. Its movements are like a ninja's.
The sharp scythes on Scyther's forearms become increasingly sharp by cutting through hard objects.
When Scyther moves, it leaves only a blur. If it hides in grass, its protective coloration makes it invisible.
Scyther confuses its prey with its quick, ninja-like movements. Then, in an instant, it cleaves them with its scythes.
While young, Scyther live together deep in the mountains, training themselves in how to fight with their scythes and move at high speeds.
Scyther's two sharp scythes are more than just weapons. It uses them with dexterity to dress its prey before eating.
Some call Scyther a ninja. Its movements— imperceptibly quick—are sufficient to cleave the air in two. It's very popular in Alola.
Leaps out of tall grass and slices prey with Scyther's scythes. The movement looks like that of a ninja.

Jynx seductively wiggles its hips as it walks. It can cause people to dance in unison with it.
Appears to move to a rhythm of Jynx's own, as if it were dancing. It wiggles its hips as it walks.
Talks in a strange, incomprehensible language. Jynx is known for its weird wiggling that causes people to dance.
Jynx rocks its body rhythmically. It appears to alter the rhythm depending on how it is feeling.
Jynx speaks a language similar to that of humans. However, it seems to use dancing to communicate.
Jynx has several different cry patterns, each of which seems to have its own meaning.
Jynx walks rhythmically, swaying and shaking its hips as if it were dancing. Its motions are so bouncingly alluring, people seeing it are compelled to shake their hips without giving any thought to what they are doing.
A Jynx sashays rhythmically as if it were dancing. Its motions are so bouncingly alluring, people seeing it are compelled to shake their hips without noticing.
Jynx speaks using a language that sounds human. Research is under way to determine what is being said.
Jynx's cries sound like human speech. However, it is impossible to tell what it is trying to say.
Jynx wiggles its hips as it walks. It can cause people to dance in unison with it.
It sways its hips to a rhythm all its own. The precise movements of Jynx living in Alola are truly wonderful.
Its strange cries sound like human language. There are some musicians who compose songs for Jynx to sing.
Appears to move to a rhythm of Jynx's own, as if it were dancing. It wiggles its hips as it walks.

Normally found near power plants, Electabuzz can wander away and cause major blackouts in cities.
If a major power outage occurs, it is certain that Electabuzz has eaten electricity at a power plant.
Appear in power plants in search of electricity. Electabuzz are said to cause major blackouts if they disappear.
Electricity runs across the surface of Electabuzz's body. In darkness, its entire body glows a whitish-blue.
Electabuzz's body constantly discharges electricity. Getting close to it will make your hair stand on end.
When two Electabuzz touch, they control the electric currents to communicate their feelings.
When a storm arrives, gangs of this Pokémon compete with each other to scale heights that are likely to be stricken by lightning bolts. Some towns use Electabuzz in place of lightning rods.
When a storm approaches, it competes with others to scale heights that are likely to be stricken by lightning. Some towns use Electabuzz in place of lightning rods.
Electabuzz loves to feed on strong electricity. It occasionally appears around large power plants and so on.
Half of all blackouts occur when Electabuzz appears at power plants and eats electricity.
Electabuzz windmills its arms to slightly boost its punches. Foes have been known to escape in the meantime.
Research is progressing on storing lightning in Electabuzz so this energy can be used at any time.
Electricity runs across the surface of Electabuzz's body. In darkness, its body glows a whitish blue.
Half of all sudden blackouts are caused by Electabuzz gathering at electric power plants and gobbling up electricity.
Electricity leaks from Electabuzz in amounts far greater than the amount of electricity it eats.
Electricity permeates Electabuzz's body. It swings its arms round and round to charge up electricity before unleashing a punch.
While Electabuzz's often blamed for power outages, the truth is the cause of outages is more often an error on the part of the electric company.
If a major power outage occurs, it is certain that Electabuzz has eaten electricity at a power plant.

Magmar's body always burns with an orange glow that enables it to hide perfectly among flames.
Born in an active volcano. Magmar's body is always cloaked in flames, so it looks like a big ball of fire.
With a body temperature of close to 2,200 degrees, Magmar's body is always burning with orange flames. Lives near volcanoes.
Magmar dislikes cold places, so it blows scorching flames to make the environment suitable for itself.
The fiery surface of Magmar's body gives off a wavering, rippling glare that is similar to the sun.
Magmar moves more frequently in hot areas. It can heal itself by dipping its wound into lava.
In battle, Magmar blows out intensely hot flames from all over its body to intimidate its opponent. This Pokémon's fiery bursts create heat waves that ignite grass and trees in its surroundings.
In battle, Magmar blows out intense flames from all over its body to intimidate its foe. These fiery bursts create heat waves that ignite grass and trees in the area.
Found near the mouth of a volcano. This fire-breather's body temperature is nearly 2,200 degrees Fahrenheit.
Magmar's body always burns with an orange glow that enables it to hide perfectly amidst flames.
Born in the spout of a volcano, Magmar's body is covered by flames that shimmer like the sun.
When Magmar breathes deeply, heat waves form around its body, making it hard to see clearly.
The scorching fire exhaled by Magmar forms heat waves around its body, making it hard to see the Pokémon clearly.
When Magmar's tired, it leaps into the mouth of a volcano and soaks its body in magma to ease its weariness. Its body burns at 2,192 degrees F.
When angered, Magmar spouts brilliant fire from all over its body. It doesn't calm down until its opponent has burned to ash.
Magmar's entire body is burning. When it breathes, the temperature rises.
The hotter the place, the better they feel. Magmar in Alola are said to be hardier than those in other areas.
Born in an active volcano. Magmar's body is always cloaked in flames, so it looks like a big ball of fire.

If Pinsir fails to crush the victim in its pincers, it will swing it around and toss it hard.
Grips Pinsir's prey in its pincers and squeezes hard! It can't move if it's cold, so it lives in warm places.
Grips and tears at Pinsir's enemy with the two pincers on its head. Enemies with hard bodies are gripped and tossed.
With Pinsir's horns, it digs burrows to sleep in at night. In the morning, damp soil clings to its body.
Swings Pinsir's long antlers wildly to attack. During cold periods, it hides deep in forests.
When the temperature drops at night, Pinsir sleeps on treetops or among roots where it is well hidden.
Pinsir is astoundingly strong. It can grip a foe weighing twice its weight in its horns and easily lift it. This Pokémon's movements turn sluggish in cold places.
Pinsir has a pair of massive horns. Protruding from the surface of these horns are thorns. These thorns are driven deeply into the foe's body when the pincer closes, making it tough for the foe to escape.
Their pincers are strong enough to shatter thick logs. Because they dislike cold, Pinsir burrow and sleep under the ground on chilly nights.
Pinsir's two long pincer horns are powerful. Once they grip an enemy, they won't release until the foe is torn.
If Pinsir fails to crush the foe in its pincers, it will swing around and toss the opponent.
Pinsir grips prey with its pincers until the prey is torn in half. What it can't tear, it tosses far.
Pinsir swings its long pincer horns wildly to attack. During cold periods, it hides deep in forests.
Pinsir grips prey with its powerful pincers and will not let go until the prey is torn in half.
Pinsir swings its long antlers wildly to attack. During cold periods, it hides deep in forests.
Pinsir grips its prey in its pincers and splits them apart. Although it is a powerful Pokémon, it can't deal with the cold.
One solid blow from Pinsir's horns is enough to split apart a large tree. Its greatest rival in Alola is Vikavolt.
Pinsir gets into territorial disputes with Vikavolt. For some reason, it apparently gets along well with Heracross in Alola.
Although Pinsir's tough, it can't handle cold well. When night falls, it buries itself in leafage and sleeps.
The influence of Mega Evolution leaves Pinsir in a state of constant excitement. It pierces enemies with its two large horns before shredding them.
Bathed in the energy of Mega Evolution, Pinsir's wings become unusually developed. It flies at speeds of approximately 30 mph.
After Mega Evolution, Pinsir becomes able to fly. Perhaps because it's so happy, it rarely touches the ground.
Pinsir zips around at blistering speeds, looking for an opening to skewer its opponent on its giant pincers.
With Pinsir's vaunted horns, it can lift an opponent 10 times heavier than itself and fly about with ease.

When Tauros targets an enemy, it charges furiously while whipping its body with its long tails.
A rowdy Pokémon with a lot of stamina. Once running, Tauros won't stop until it hits something.
Charges while whipping Tauros's hefty body with its tails. Although powerful, it can charge only in a straight line.
Tauros fight each other by locking horns. The herd's protector takes pride in its battle-scarred horns.
After heightening Tauros's will to fight by whipping itself with its three tails, it charges at full speed.
These violent Pokémon fight with other members of Tauros's herd in order to prove their strength.
This Pokémon is not satisfied unless it is rampaging at all times. If there is no opponent for Tauros to battle, it will charge at thick trees and knock them down to calm itself.
It is not satisfied unless it is rampaging at all times. If there is no opponent for Tauros to battle, it will charge at thick trees and knock them down to calm itself.
When Tauros is about to Tackle, it whips its body repeatedly with its three long tails.
Once Tauros takes aim at its foe, it makes a headlong charge. It is famous for its violent nature.
When Tauros is about to tackle, it whips its body repeatedly with its three long tails.
Historically, people in areas all over the world have ridden Tauros, but the practice is said to have started in Alola.
Although it's known to be a fierce Pokémon, Tauros in the Alola region are said to possess a measure of calmness.
Tauros live in groups. The one with the longest, thickest, and most-scarred horns is the boss of the herd.
The climate seems to be related to the reason Tauros in Alola are a little calmer than those in other regions.
A rowdy Pokémon with a lot of stamina. Once running, Tauros won't stop until it hits something.

In the distant past, Magikarp was somewhat stronger than the horribly weak descendants that exist today.
Famous for being very unreliable. Magikarp can be found swimming in seas, lakes, rivers and shallow puddles.
Whoever Magikarp's opponent, and however horrible the attack it receives, all it does is Splash around.
An underpowered, pathetic Pokémon. Magikarp may jump high on rare occasions, but never more than seven feet.
For no reason, Magikarp jumps and splashes about, making it easy for predators like Pidgeotto to catch it mid-jump.
This weak and pathetic Pokémon gets easily pushed along rivers when there are strong currents.
Magikarp is a pathetic excuse for a Pokémon that is only capable of flopping and splashing. This behavior prompted scientists to undertake research into it.
Magikarp is virtually useless in battle as it can only splash around. As a result, it is considered to be weak. However, it is actually a very hardy Pokémon that can survive in any body of water no matter how polluted it is.
Its swimming muscles are weak, so it is easily washed away by currents. In places where water pools, you can see many Magikarp deposited there by the flow.
Magikarp is virtually worthless in terms of both power and speed. It is the most weak and pathetic Pokémon in the world.
Magikarp is said to be the world's weakest Pokémon. No one knows why it has managed to survive.
Magikarp is unable to swim against even slow-moving currents. It always splashes about for some reason.
A Magikarp living for many years can leap a mountain using Splash. The move remains useless, though.
Although weak and helpless, Magikarp is incredibly fertile. They exist in such multitudes, you'll soon grow tired of seeing them.
Its reckless leaps make it easy pickings for predators. On the bright side, many Pokémon enjoy longer life spans, thanks to Magikarp.
In the distant past, Magikarp were fairly strong, but they have become gradually weaker over time.
Thanks to their strong hold on life, dirty water doesn't bother Magikarp at all.
This weak and pathetic Pokémon gets easily pushed along rivers when there are strong currents.

Rarely seen in the wild. Huge and vicious, Gyarados is capable of destroying entire cities in a rage.
Brutally vicious and enormously destructive. Known for totally destroying cities in ancient times.
Extremely vicious and horribly brutal. Has enough destructive power to totally annihilate even a major city.
They say that during past wars, Gyarados would appear and leave blazing ruins in its wake.
Once Gyarados appears, it goes on a rampage. It remains enraged until it demolishes everything around it.
Gyarados appears whenever there is world conflict, burning down any place it travels through.
They say that during the past wars, Gyarados would appear and leave blazing ruins in its wake.
When Magikarp evolves into Gyarados, its brain cells undergo a structural transformation. It is said that this transformation is to blame for this Pokémon's wildly violent nature.
Once Gyarados goes on a rampage, its ferociously violent blood doesn't calm until it has burned everything down. There are records of this Pokémon's rampages lasting a whole month.
Gyarados is an extremely vicious and violent Pokémon. When humans begin to fight, it will appear and burn everything to the ground with intensely hot flames.
Gyarados has an extremely aggressive nature. The Hyper Beam it shoots from its mouth totally incinerates all targets.
Once Gyarados appears, its rage never settles until it has razed the fields and mountains around it.
In ancient literature, there is a record of a Gyarados that razed a village when violence flared.
Once it begins to rampage, a Gyarados will burn everything down, even in a harsh storm.
A tale is told of a town that angered Gyarados. Before the sun rose the next day, flames utterly consumed the town, leaving not a trace behind.
There are people who swear that any place Gyarados appears is fated for destruction.
Gyarados fires hyper beams in all directions, burning the surrounding area to ash. There are some regions where it's called “the deity of destruction.
The energy from evolution stimulated Gyarados's brain cells strongly, causing it to become very ferocious.
Mega Evolution also affects Gyarados's brain, leaving no other function except its destructive instinct to burn everything to cinders.
Gyarados jets water from the orifices on its sides, streaking above the water surface at supersonic speed.
Mega Evolution places a burden on Gyarados's body. The stress causes it to become all the more ferocious.
Gyarados zooms out of the water at Mach speeds.
Although Gyarados obeys its instinctive drive to destroy everything within its reach, it will respond to orders from a Trainer it truly trusts.

A Pokémon that has been overhunted almost to extinction. Lapras can ferry people across the water.
A gentle soul that can read the minds of people. Lapras can ferry people across the sea on its back.
Capable of understand the language of humans, Lapras enjoys ferrying people on its back. It is on the verge of extinction.
Lapras have gentle hearts. Because they rarely fight, many have been caught. Their number has dwindled.
Lapras ferries people across the sea on its back. It may sing an enchanting cry if it is in a good mood.
Lapras loves to give people rides and provides a very comfortable way to get around.
People have driven Lapras almost to the point of extinction. In the evenings, this Pokémon is said to sing plaintively as it seeks what few others of its kind still remain.
People have driven Lapras almost to the point of extinction. In the evenings, it is said to sing plaintively as it seeks what few others of its kind still remain.
Lapras's high intelligence enables it to understand human speech. It likes to ferry people on its back.
Lapras loves crossing the sea with people and Pokémon on its back. It understands human speech.
Able to understand human speech and very intelligent, Lapras loves to swim in the sea with people on its back.
Lapras's high intelligence enables it to comprehend human speech. When it's in a good mood, it sings in its beautiful voice.
These Pokémon were once near extinction due to poaching. Following protective regulations, there is now an overabundance of Lapras.
Lapras likes swimming around with people on its back. In the Alola region, it's an important means of transportation over water.
They've been so cherished that there's now an overabundance. The fish Pokémon population has declined in waters with too many Lapras.
A gentle soul that can understand human speech. Lapras can ferry people across the sea on its back.
A smart and kindhearted Pokémon, Lapras glides across the surface of the sea while its beautiful song echoes around it.
Crossing icy seas is no issue for this cold-resistant Pokémon. Lapras's smooth skin is a little cool to the touch.
Over 5,000 people can ride on Lapras's shell at once. And it's a very comfortable ride, without the slightest shaking or swaying.
Lapras surrounds itself with a huge ring of gathered ice particles. It uses the ring to smash any icebergs that might impede its graceful swimming.

Capable of copying an enemy's genetic code to instantly transform itself into a duplicate of the enemy.
When Ditto spots an enemy, its body transforms into an almost perfect copy of its opponent.
Capable of reorganizing Ditto's cells to transform into an exact duplicate of its enemy. It is usually a shapeless blob.
Ditto can transform into anything. When it sleeps, it changes into a stone to avoid being attacked.
Ditto's transformation ability is perfect. However, if it is made to laugh, it can't maintain its disguise.
When it encounters another Ditto, it will move faster than normal to duplicate that opponent exactly.
Ditto rearranges its cell structure to transform itself into other shapes. However, if it tries to transform itself into something by relying on its memory, this Pokémon manages to get details wrong.
A Ditto rearranges its cell structure to transform itself. However, if it tries to change based on its memory, it will get details wrong.
Ditto can freely recombine its own cellular structure to transform into other life-forms.
Capable of copying an opponent's genetic code to instantly transform itself into a duplicate of the enemy.
Ditto has the ability to reconstitute its entire cellular structure to transform into whatever it sees.
Ditto's transformation ability is perfect. However, if made to laugh, it can't maintain its disguise.
Ditto can reconstitute its entire cellular structure to change into what it sees, but it returns to normal when it relaxes.
Ditto can reorganize its cells to make itself into a duplicate of anything it sees. The quality of the duplicate depends on the individual.
With its astonishing capacity for metamorphosis, it can get along with anything. It does not get along well with its fellow Ditto.
While it can transform into anything, each Ditto apparently has its own strengths and weaknesses when it comes to transformations.
It transforms into whatever it sees. If the thing it's transforming into isn't right in front of it, Ditto relies on its memory—so sometimes it fails.
When Ditto spots an enemy, its body transfigures into an almost-perfect copy of its opponent.
When it encounters another Ditto, it will move faster than normal to duplicate that opponent exactly.

Eevee's genetic code is irregular. It may mutate if it is exposed to radiation from Evolution stones.
Eevee's genetic code is unstable, so it could evolve in a variety of ways. There are only a few alive.
Eevee's genetic code is irregular. It evolves into three kinds of Pokémon when exposed to the radiation of elemental stones.
Eevee has the ability to alter the composition of its body to suit its surrounding environment.
Eevee's irregularly configured DNA is affected by its surroundings. It evolves if its environment changes.
Eevee's ability to evolve into many forms allows it to adapt smoothly and perfectly to any environment.
Eevee has an unstable genetic makeup that suddenly mutates due to the environment in which it lives. Radiation from various stones causes this Pokémon to evolve.
An Eevee has an unstable genetic makeup that suddenly mutates due to its environment. Radiation from various stones causes this Pokémon to evolve.
An extremely rare Pokémon that may evolve in a number of different ways depending on stimuli.
Eevee's genetic code is irregular. It may mutate if it is exposed to radiation from element stones.
A rare Pokémon that adapts to harsh environments by taking on different evolutionary forms.
Because Eevee's genetic makeup is irregular, it quickly changes its form due to a variety of causes.
Thanks to its unstable genetic makeup, Eevee conceals many different possible evolutions.
Possessing an unbalanced and unstable genetic makeup, Eevee conceals many possible evolutions.
Current studies show Eevee can evolve into an incredible eight different species of Pokémon.
The question of why only Eevee has such unstable genes has still not been solved.
Eevee's genes are easily influenced by its surroundings. Even its face starts to look like that of its Trainer.
It can evolve into a variety of forms. Eevee's genes are the key to solving the mysteries of Pokémon evolution.
Gigantamax energy upped the fluffiness of the fur around Eevee's neck. The fur will envelop a foe, capturing its body and captivating its mind.
Having gotten even friendlier and more innocent, Eevee tries to play with anyone around, only to end up crushing them with its immense body.

Lives close to water. Vaporeon's long tail is ridged with a fin which is often mistaken for a mermaid's.
Vaporeon's cell structure is similar to water molecules. It will melt away and become invisible in water.
Found quietly resting by lake shores. Vaporeon's cell structure is similar to water, so it can invisibly melt into water.
When Vaporeon's fins begin to vibrate, it is a sign that rain will come within a few hours.
Vaporeon prefers beautiful shores. With cells similar to water molecules, it could melt in water.
As Vaporeon uses the fins on the tip of its tail to swim, it blends with the water perfectly.
Vaporeon underwent a spontaneous mutation and grew fins and gills that allow it to live underwater. This Pokémon has the ability to freely control water.
Vaporeon underwent a spontaneous mutation and grew fins and gills that allow them to live underwater. They have the ability to freely control water.
Vaporeon's body's cellular structure is similar to the molecular composition of water. It can melt invisibly in water.
Vaporeon has evolved to be suitable for an aquatic life. It can invisibly melt away into water.
Vaporeon's cell composition is similar to water molecules. As a result, it can melt away into water.
Vaporeon's cell composition is similar to water molecules. As a result, it can't be seen when it melts away into water.
Vaporeon's cells are composed of units much like water molecules. It lives close to water and is often mistaken for a mermaid.
Blending in with the water and erasing all signs of Vaporeon's presence, it patiently waits for its prey, fish Pokémon.
Clean, clear waters are Vaporeon's usual habitat. When it's about to be attacked by an invading enemy, it dives into the water to hide.
Vaporeon detects nearby moisture with its fin. When its fin begins trembling rapidly, that means rain will fall in a few hours.
Vaporeon's cell structure is similar to water molecules. It melts into the water and becomes invisible.
Vaporeon's body's cellular structure is similar to the molecular composition of water. It can melt invisibly in water.

Jolteon accumulates negative ions in the atmosphere to blast out 10000-volt lightning bolts.
A sensitive Pokémon that easily becomes sad or angry. Every time Jolteon's mood changes, it charges power.
Jolteon's weapons are its 10,000-volt electric attacks and its spiky fur. Its sharp hair can pierce enemies when it bristles.
Jolteon concentrates the weak electric charges emitted by its cells and launches wicked lightning bolts.
Every hair on Jolteon's body starts to stand sharply on end if it becomes charged with electricity.
The negatively charged ions generated in Jolteon's fur create a constant sparking noise.
Jolteon's cells generate a low level of electricity. This power is amplified by the static electricity of its fur, enabling the Pokémon to drop thunderbolts. The bristling fur is made of electrically charged needles.
Jolteon's cells generate weak power that is amplified by its fur's static electricity to drop thunderbolts. The bristling fur is made of electrically charged needles.
If Jolteon is angered or startled, the fur all over its body bristles like sharp needles that pierce foes.
Jolteon controls 10,000-volt power and can raise all the fur on its body as if it were sharp needles.
If agitated, Jolteon uses electricity to straighten out its fur and launch it in small bunches.
By storing electricity in Jolteon's body, it can shoot its bristlelike fur like a barrage of missiles.
Jolteon accumulates negative ions in the atmosphere to blast out 10,000-volt lightning bolts.
Jolteon send out electrical charges of about 10,000 volts. Because they are high-strung, it can be difficult to grow close to them.
When Jolteon's fur stands on end, that's a sign it's about to give off a jolt of electricity. Take care, as sometimes lightning strikes next to it, too.
Jolteon's lungs contain an organ that creates electricity. The crackling sound of electricity can be heard when it exhales.
Jolteon's fur stands on end, becoming like needles it fires at enemies. Once they're weakened, it finishes them off with a 10,000 volt shock.
Jolteon accumulates negative ions in the atmosphere to blast out 10,000-volt lightning bolts.

When storing thermal energy in Flareon's body, its temperature could soar to over 1600 degrees.
Flareon has a flame chamber inside its body. It inhales, then blows out fire that is over 3,000F degrees.
Flareon's fiery breath reaches close to 3,000 degrees. Its body temperature exceeds 1,650 degrees when storing fire inside.
Flareon stores some of the air it inhales in its internal flame pouch, which heats it to over 3,000 degrees.
Flareon fluffs out its fur collar to cool down its body temperature, which can reach 1,650 degrees.
Once it has stored up enough heat, Flareon's body temperature can reach up to 1700 degrees.
Flareon's fluffy fur has a functional purpose - it releases heat into the air so that its body does not get excessively hot. This Pokémon's body temperature can rise to a maximum of 1,650 degrees F.
Flareon's fluffy fur releases heat into the air so that its body does not get excessively hot. Its body temperature can rise to a maximum of 1,650 degrees F.
Flareon has a flame bag inside its body. After inhaling deeply, it blows out flames of nearly 3,100 degrees Fahrenheit.
When storing thermal energy in Flareon's body, its temperature can soar to over 1,600 degrees Fahrenheit.
Flareon has a flame sac in its body. Its body temperature tops 1,650 degrees Fahrenheit before battle.
Inhaled air is heated in the flame sac in Flareon's body to an intense fire over 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit.
Flareon stores some of the air it inhales in its internal flame pouch, which heats it to over 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit.
Flareon fluffs out its fur collar to cool down its body temperature, which can reach 1,650 degrees Fahrenheit.
Inhaled air is carried to Flareon's flame sac, heated, and exhaled as fire that reaches over 3,000 degrees F.
Flareon has a flame bag inside its body. After inhaling deeply, it blows out flames of nearly 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit.
Flareon's fluffy fur has a functional purpose-it releases heat into the air so that its body does not get excessively hot. This Pokémon's body temperature can rise to a maximum of 1,650 degrees Fahrenheit.
When Flareon catches prey or finds berries, it breathes fire on them until they're well done, and then it gobbles them up.
Flareon's average body temperature is between 1,300 and 1,500 degrees Fahrenheit. In its internal flame sac, temperatures reach 3,000 degrees.
If Flareon inhales deeply, that's a sign it's about to attack.
The flame chamber inside its body ignites when Flareon gets agitated, reaching temperatures of up to 1,650 degrees Fahrenheit.
Flareon has a flame chamber inside its body. It inhales, then breathes out fire that is over 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit.
Once it has stored up enough heat, Flareon's body temperature can reach up to 1,700 degrees Fahrenheit.
Flareon stores some of the air it inhales in its internal flame pouch, which heats it to over 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit.

A Pokémon that consists entirely of programming code. Capable of moving freely in cyberspace.
The only Pokémon people anticipate can fly into space. None has managed the feat yet, however.
A man-made Pokémon that consists entirely of programming code. Porygon is capable of moving freely in cyberspace.
Porygon is a manmade Pokémon. Since it doesn't breathe, people are eager to try it in any environment.
A manmade Pokémon that came about as a result of research. Porygon is programmed with only basic motions.
An artificial Pokémon created due to extensive research, Porygon can perform only what is in its program.
Porygon is capable of reverting itself entirely back to program data and entering cyberspace. This Pokémon is copy-protected so it cannot be duplicated by copying.
It is capable of reverting itself entirely back to program data in order to enter cyberspace. A Porygon is copy-protected so it cannot be duplicated.
Using the most advanced technologies, scientists finally succeeded in making the first artificial Pokémon.
The world's first artificially created Pokémon. Porygon can travel through electronic space.
A man-made Pokémon created using advanced scientific means. Porygon can move freely in cyberspace.
A man-made Pokémon that came about as a result of research. Porygon is programmed with only basic motions.
A Pokémon that consists entirely of programming code. Porygon is capable of moving freely in cyberspace.
Roughly 20 years ago, Porygon was artificially created, utilizing the latest technology of the time.
Porygon can convert its body into digital data, which enables it to enter cyberspace.
Porygon was created using the cutting-edge science of 20 years ago, so many parts of it have since become obsolete.
Porygon was built 20 years ago by scientists who dreamed of exploring space. Their dreams have yet to come true.
The only Pokémon that people anticipate can fly into space. None has managed the feat yet, however.

Although long extinct, in rare cases, Omanyte can be genetically resurrected from fossils.
An ancient Pokémon that was recovered from a fossil. Omanyte swims by cleverly twisting its 10 tentacles about.
A prehistoric and long-extinct Pokémon that was resurrected from a fossil. Swims by twisting Omanyte's 10 tentacles about.
Revived from an ancient fossil, Omanyte uses air stored in its shell to sink and rise in water.
Omanyte from ancient times is said to have navigated the sea by adeptly twisting its 10 tentacles.
In prehistoric times, Omanyte swam on the sea floor, eating plankton. Its fossils are sometimes found.
Omanyte is one of the ancient and long-since-extinct Pokémon that have been regenerated from fossils by people. If attacked by an enemy, it withdraws itself inside its hard shell.
One of the ancient and long-since-extinct Pokémon that have been regenerated from fossils by humans. If attacked, Omanyte withdraws into its hard shell.
A prehistoric Pokémon that lived in the primordial sea , Omanyte swims by twisting its 10 tentacles about.
A Pokémon that was resurrected from a fossil using modern science. Omanyte swam in ancient seas.
Omanyte lived in the seas of antiquity. Its fossils have been found bearing bite marks from Archeops, so apparently Archeops preyed on it.
Omanyte was restored from an ancient fossil. Those Helix Fossils are excavated from areas that were once oceans long, long ago.
An ancient Pokémon that was recovered from a fossil. Omanyte swam by cleverly twisting its 10 tentacles about.

A prehistoric Pokémon that died out when Omastar's heavy shell made it impossible to catch prey.
Sharp beaks ring Omastar's mouth. Its shell was too big for it to move freely, so it became extinct.
Attacks by ensnaring Omastar's enemy with its tentacles and biting with sharp fangs. Its overly-large shell makes it sluggish.
Apparently, Omastar cracked Shellder's shell with its sharp fangs and sucked out the insides.
Once wrapped around Omastar's prey, it never lets go. It eats the prey by tearing at it with sharp fangs.
Omastar's heavy shell allowed it to reach only nearby food. This could be the reason it is extinct.
Omastar uses its tentacles to capture its prey. It is believed to have become extinct because its shell grew too large and heavy, causing its movements to become too slow and ponderous.
An Omastar uses its tentacles to capture its prey. It is believed to have become extinct because its shell grew too large, making its movements slow and ponderous.
Omastar's tentacles are highly developed as if they are hands and feet. As soon as it ensnares prey, it bites.
Despite having strong fangs and tentacles, Omastar went extinct when its heavy shell made it unable to catch prey.
It is thought that Omastar became extinct because its spiral shell grew too large.
Its heavy shell is thought to be the reason Omastar died out. It's apparently a distant ancestor of Octillery.
Omastar wraps its prey in its tentacles to immobilize them and then finishes them off with its sharp fangs.
Omastar's sharp beak rings its mouth. Its shell was too big for it to move freely, so it became extinct.

A Pokémon that was resurrected from a fossil found in what was once the ocean floor eons ago.
A Pokémon that was recovered from a fossil. Kabuto uses the eyes on its back while hiding on the sea floor.
A Pokémon that was resurrected from a fossil found in an ancient seabed. Unable to right itself if Kabuto is flipped over.
On rare occasions, some have been found as fossils which Kabuto became while hiding on the ocean floor.
Kabuto lived in ancient times. On rare occasions, it has been discovered as a living fossil.
Three hundred million years ago, Kabuto hid on the sea floor. It also has eyes on its back that glow.
Kabuto is a Pokémon that has been regenerated from a fossil. However, in extremely rare cases, living examples have been discovered. The Pokémon has not changed at all for 300 million years.
It is a Pokémon that has been regenerated from a fossil. However, in rare cases, living examples have been discovered. Kabuto have not changed for 300 million years.
Kabuto was regenerated from the fossil of an ancient creature. It protects itself with a hard shell.
A Pokémon that was regenerated from a fossil found in what was once the ocean floor long ago.
Kabuto is thought to have inhabited beaches 300 million years ago. It is protected by a stiff shell.
Kabuto thrived 300 million years ago. It's said that living specimens can still be seen in a certain region—a rare sight.
Kabuto became extinct everywhere, except in a few areas. It protects itself with its hard shell.
A Pokémon that was recovered from a fossil. Kabuto used the eyes on its back while hiding on the seafloor.

Kabutops's sleek shape is perfect for swimming. It slashes prey with its claws and drains the body fluids.
A slim and fast swimmer. Kabutops slices its prey with its sharp sickles and drinks the body fluids.
Swims very quickly. Kabutops tears at its foe with sickle-like forelegs and drains the foe's body fluids entirely.
In the water, Kabutops tucks in its limbs to become more compact, then it wiggles its shell to swim fast.
With sharp claws, this ferocious, ancient Pokémon rips apart prey and sucks Kabutops's body fluids.
Kabutops was able to swim quickly through the water by compactly folding up its razor-sharp sickles.
Kabutops swam underwater to hunt for its prey in ancient times. The Pokémon was apparently evolving from being a water-dweller to living on land as evident from the beginnings of change in its gills and legs.
Kabutops once swam underwater to hunt for prey. It was apparently evolving from being a water dweller to living on land as evident from changes in its gills and legs.
Kabutops swims freely through water. It catches prey with its scythe-like arms and drains the victim's fluids.
Kabutops's sleek shape is perfect for swimming. It slashes prey with its claws and drains their fluids.
It is thought that Kabutops came onto land because its prey adapted to life on land.
Kabutops's body had begun to change so it could function on land. But it didn't adapt in time and went extinct.
Kabutops swims at speeds of roughly 29 knots, quickly closing in on its prey and slashing into them with its scythes to finish them off.
A slim and fast swimmer. Kabutops sliced its prey with its sharp sickles and drank the body fluids.

A ferocious, prehistoric Pokémon that goes for the enemy's throat with Aerodactyl's serrated saw-like fangs.
A savage Pokémon that died out in ancient times. Aerodactyl was resurrected using DNA taken from amber.
A Pokémon that was resurrected from the genes of an ancient dinosaur. With sharp fangs, Aerodactyl is very vicious.
A vicious Pokémon from the distant past , Aerodactyl appears to have flown by spreading its wings and gliding.
Aerodactyl is said to have flown in ancient skies while shrieking high-pitched cries.
In prehistoric times, Aerodactyl flew freely and fearlessly through the skies.
A vicious Pokémon from the distant past. Aerodactyl appears to have flown by spreading its wings and gliding.
Aerodactyl is a Pokémon from the age of dinosaurs. It was regenerated from genetic material extracted from amber. It is imagined to have been the king of the skies in ancient times.
Aerodactyl is a Pokémon from the age of dinosaurs. It was regenerated from DNA extracted from amber. It is imagined to have been the king of the skies.
Aerodactyl was regenerated from a dinosaur's genetic matter that was found in amber. It flies with high-pitched cries.
A ferocious, prehistoric Pokémon that goes for the enemy's throat with Aerodactyl's serrated, sawlike fangs.
A Pokémon that roamed the skies in the dinosaur era. Aerodactyl's teeth are like saw blades.
A Pokémon from the age of the dinosaurs. Aerodactyl used its sawlike fangs to shred its prey before eating them.
In ancient times, Aerodactyl ruled the skies. A widely accepted theory is that it went extinct due to a large meteor impact.
Restored from DNA found in amber, Aerodactyl exhibited ferocity that was greater than expected. Some casualties resulted.
Aerodactyl flew through the open skies over the ancient continent as if they were its own. When it touched ground, its walk was weak and slow.
Part of its body has become stone. Some scholars claim that this is Aerodactyl's true appearance.
When Aerodactyl Mega Evolves, it becomes more vicious than ever before. Some say that's because its excess of power is causing it pain.
Aerodactyl will attack anything that moves. Mega Evolution is a burden on its body, so it's incredibly irritated.
Mega Evolution awakened some dormant genes, bringing back the sharp rocks that once covered Aerodactyl's entire body.
The power of Mega Evolution has completely restored Aerodactyl's genes. The rocks on its body are harder than diamond.

Very lazy. Just eats and sleeps. As Snorlax's rotund bulk builds, it becomes steadily more slothful.
Will eat anything, even if the food happens to be a little moldy. Snorlax never gets an upset stomach.
A lazy Pokémon that gets continually fatter by sticking to a cycle of eating and sleeping. Awake only when Snorlax eats.
What sounds like Snorlax's cry may actually be its snores or the rumblings of its hungry belly.
Snorlax's stomach's digestive juices can dissolve any kind of poison. It can even eat things off the ground.
Snorlax's stomach is so strong, even eating moldy or rotten food will not affect it.
Snorlax's typical day consists of nothing more than eating and sleeping. It is such a docile Pokémon that there are children who use its expansive belly as a place to play.
Snorlax's typical day consists of nothing more than eating and sleeping. It is such a docile Pokémon that there are children who use its big belly as a place to play.
Snorlax is not satisfied unless it eats over 880 pounds of food every day. When it is done eating, it goes promptly to sleep.
Snorlax's stomach can digest any kind of food, even if it happens to be moldy or rotten.
Snorlax stops eating only to sleep. It doesn't feel full unless it eats nearly 900 pounds a day.
When Snorlax's belly is full, it becomes too lethargic to even lift a finger, so it is safe to bounce on its belly.
Its stomach is said to be incomparably strong. Even Muk's poison is nothing more than a hint of spice on Snorlax's tongue.
Snorlax eats nearly 900 pounds of food every day. It starts nodding off while eating—and continues to eat even while it's asleep.
Snorlax doesn't do anything other than eat and sleep. When prompted to make a serious effort, though, it apparently displays awesome power.
Snorlax has no interest in anything other than eating.
Gigantamax energy has affected stray seeds and even pebbles that got stuck to Snorlax, making them grow to a huge size.
Terrifyingly strong, Snorlax is the size of a mountain—and moves about as much as one as well.

A legendary bird Pokémon that is said to appear to doomed people who are lost in icy mountains.
A legendary bird Pokémon. Articuno freezes water that is contained in winter air and makes it snow.
A legendary bird Pokémon with long and distinctive tail feathers. Said to appear if you are freezing on a snowy mountain.
The magnificent, seemingly translucent wings of this legendary bird Pokémon are said to be made of ice.
One of the legendary bird Pokémon, Articuno chills moisture in the atmosphere to create snow while flying.
Legendary bird Pokémon. As Articuno flies through the sky, it cools the air, causing snow to fall.
Articuno is a legendary bird Pokémon that can control ice. The flapping of its wings chills the air. As a result, it is said that when this Pokémon flies, snow will fall.
One of the legendary bird Pokémon. With Articuno's long tail trailing behind, its flying form is magnificent.
A legendary bird Pokémon. Articuno can create blizzards by freezing moisture in the air.
The magnificent seemingly translucent wings of Articuno are said to be made of ice.
A legendary bird Pokémon. Articuno freezes water that is contained in winter air and makes it snow.

A legendary bird Pokémon that is said to appear from clouds while dropping enormous lightning bolts.
Zapdos is said to appear when the sky turns dark and lightning showers down.
A legendary bird Pokémon that appears with a gigantic thunder storm. Zapdos flies with the buzz and crack of electricity.
Zapdos causes savage thunderstorms by flapping its glittering wings.
Zapdos is said to appear only when a thundercloud parts into two halves.
Legendary bird Pokémon. Zapdos say lightning caused by the flapping of its wings causes summer storms.
Zapdos cause savage thunderstorms by flapping its glittering wings.
Zapdos is a legendary bird Pokémon that has the ability to control electricity. It usually lives in thunderclouds. The Pokémon gains power if it is stricken by lightning bolts.
Zapdos is a legendary bird Pokémon that has the ability to control electricity. It usually lives in thunderclouds. It gains power if it is stricken by lightning bolts.
One of the legendary bird Pokémon. While Zapdos is flying, it makes crackling and snapping sounds.
A legendary Pokémon that is said to live inside thunder clouds. Zapdos can freely control thunder.
A legendary Pokémon that is said to live in thunderclouds. Zapdos freely controls lightning bolts.
Zapdos is said to appear when the sky turns dark and lightning showers down.

Known as the legendary bird of fire. Every flap of Moltres's wings creates a dazzling flash of flames.
A legendary bird Pokémon. As Moltres flaps its blazing wings, even the night sky will turn red.
A legendary bird Pokémon known as the "fire bird. " Every time Moltres flaps, its wings flare and burn brightly.
Moltres scatters embers with every flap of its wings. It is a thrilling sight to behold.
Moltres is said to bring early spring to the wintry lands it visits.
Legendary bird Pokémon. Moltres is said to migrate from the south along with the spring.
Moltres is a legendary bird Pokémon that has the ability to control fire. If this Pokémon is injured, it is said to dip its body in the molten magma of a volcano to burn and heal itself.
Moltres is a legendary bird Pokémon that can control fire. If injured, it is said to dip its body in the molten magma of a volcano to burn and heal itself.
One of the legendary bird Pokémon. Those who see Moltres are overwhelmed by its orange wings that seem to be on fire.
Moltres is said to be the legendary bird Pokémon of fire. Every flap of its wings creates a dazzling flare of flames.
One of the legendary bird Pokémon. It is said that spring will soon arrive if Moltres shows itself.
One of the legendary bird Pokémon. Moltres is said that its appearance indicates the coming of spring.
A legendary bird Pokémon. As Moltres flaps its flaming wings, even the night sky will turn red.

Long considered a mythical Pokémon until recently when a small colony was found living underwater.
The existence of Dratini was only recently confirmed by a fisherman who caught one.
Even the young are known to exceed 6' 6". Dratini is rare and was long considered to exist only in myth.
Dratini is born large to start with. It repeatedly sheds its skin as it steadily grows longer.
Dratini is full of life energy. It continually sheds its skin and grows steadily larger.
Dratini sheds many layers of skin as it grows larger. During this process, it is protected by a rapid waterfall.
Dratini continually molts and sloughs off its old skin. It does so because the life energy within its body steadily builds to reach uncontrollable levels.
A Dratini continually molts and sloughs off its old skin. It does so because the life energy within its body steadily builds to reach uncontrollable levels.
Even the young can exceed 6.5 feet in length. Dratini grows larger by repeatedly shedding skin.
Long considered a mythical Pokémon until recently, when a small colony was found living underwater.
Dratini is called the "Mirage Pokémon" because so few have seen it. Its shed skin has been found.
Dratini grows by molting repeatedly. Boots made from the tanned cast-off skin are a super luxury item.
After a 10-hour struggle, a fisherman was able to pull one up and confirm Dratini's existence.
Dratini's still weak, so it lurks on the floor of bodies of water, eating whatever food sinks down and living a quiet life.
Dratini sheds its skin—almost on a daily basis—and grows larger. Its skin is soft just after it's been shed.
Long thought to be a myth, Dratini's existence was only recently confirmed by a fisherman who caught one.

A mystical Pokémon that exudes a gentle aura. Has the ability to change climate conditions.
According to a witness, Dragonair's body was surrounded by a strange aura that gave it a mystical look.
Lives in large bodies of water like the sea and lakes. Dragonair is said to have the power to change the weather and fly.
Dragonair say that if it emits an aura from its whole body, the weather will begin to change instantly.
Its crystalline orbs appear to give Dragonair the power to freely control the weather.
Dragonair is called the divine Pokémon. When its entire body brightens slightly, the weather changes.
Dragonair stores an enormous amount of energy inside its body. It is said to alter weather conditions in its vicinity by discharging energy from the crystals on its neck and tail.
A Dragonair stores an enormous amount of energy inside its body. It is said to alter the weather around it by loosing energy from the crystals on its neck and tail.
Dragonair is said to live in seas and lakes. Even though it has no wings, it has been seen flying occasionally.
A mystical Pokémon that exudes a gentle aura. Dragonair is said to have the ability to change the weather.
If Dragonair's body takes on an aura, the weather changes instantly. It is said to live in seas and lakes.
Dragonair stores an enormous amount of energy inside its body. It is said to alter weather conditions in its vicinity by discharging energy from its crystals on its neck and tail.
Dragonair has long been thought that its crystalline orbs are imbued with the power to control the weather.
From time immemorial, Dragonair has been venerated by agricultural peoples as an entity able to control the weather.
Lakes where Dragonair live are filled with offerings from people, because they believe this Pokémon is able to control the weather.
Some say that if you see Dragonair at the start of the year, flying through the sky and twisting its body, you'll be healthy all year long.
According to a witness, Dragonair's body was surrounded by a strange aura that gave it a mystical look.

An extremely rarely seen marine Pokémon. Dragonite's intelligence is said to match that of humans.
It is said that Dragonite lives somewhere in the sea and that it flies. However, it is only a rumor.
Has intelligence on par with people. This "sea guardian" is said to be capable of flying around the globe in about 16 hours.
It is said that Dragonite constantly flies over the immense seas and rescues drowning people.
Dragonite has an impressive build that lets it freely fly over raging seas without trouble.
Dragonite is said that somewhere in the ocean lies an island where these gather. Only they live there.
Dragonite is capable of circling the globe in just sixteen hours. It is a kindhearted Pokémon that leads lost and foundering ships in a storm to the safety of land.
Dragonite can circle the globe in just 16 hours. It is a kindhearted Pokémon that leads lost and foundering ships in a storm to the safety of land.
Dragonite can fly in spite of its big and bulky physique. It circles the globe in just 16 hours.
Very few people ever see Dragonite. Its intelligence is said to match that of humans.
Dragonite is said to make its home somewhere in the sea. It guides crews of shipwrecks to shore.
Dragonite is capable of circling the globe in just 16 hours. It is a kindhearted Pokémon that leads lost and foundering ships in a storm to the safety of land.
This Pokémon saved a shipwrecked man, taking him to a remote island—a paradise occupied solely by Dragonite.
Incur the wrath of Dragonite at your peril, because it will smash everything to smithereens before it's satisfied.
Dragonite flies over raging seas as if they were nothing. Observing this, a ship's captain dubbed this Pokémon “the sea incarnate.
You'll often hear tales of Dragonite rescuing people or Pokémon that are drowning.
It is said that Dragonite lives somewhere in the sea and that it flies. However, these are only rumors.

Mewtwo was created by a scientist after years of horrific gene splicing and DNA engineering experiments.
Mewtwo's DNA is almost the same as Mew's. However, its size and disposition are vastly different.
A vicious psychic Pokémon created by genetic engineering. Mewtwo's cold, glowing eyes strike fear into its enemy.
Because Mewtwo's battle abilities were raised to the ultimate level, it thinks only of defeating its foes.
Mewtwo usually remains motionless to conserve energy, so that it may unleash its full power in battle.
Said to rest quietly in an undiscovered cave, Mewtwo was created solely for battling.
Mewtwo is a Pokémon that was created by genetic manipulation. However, even though the scientific power of humans created this Pokémon's body, they failed to endow Mewtwo with a compassionate heart.
A Pokémon that was created by genetic manipulation. However, even though the scientific power of humans made Mewtwo's body, they failed to give it a warm heart.
A Pokémon whose genetic code was repeatedly recombined for research. Mewtwo turned vicious as a result.
Mewtwo was created by a scientist after years of horrific gene-splicing and DNA-engineering experiments.
A Pokémon created by recombining Mew's genes. Mewtwo's said to have the most savage heart among Pokémon.
Created from the DNA of Mew, Mewtwo is a dangerous combination of overwhelming power and a savage heart.
The research efforts of a certain scientist ultimately resulted in Mewtwo. Its powers are dedicated to battling.
Psychic power has augmented Mewtwo's muscles.
Despite Mewtwo's diminished size, its mental power has grown phenomenally. With a mere thought, it can smash a skyscraper to smithereens.

So rare that Mew is still said to be a mirage by many experts. Only a few people have seen it worldwide.
When viewed through a microscope, Mew's short, fine, delicate hair can be seen.
A mythical Pokémon of South America which had been thought extinct. A growing number of people have seen Mew recently.
Apparently, Mew appears only to those people who are pure of heart and have a strong desire to see it.
Mew's DNA is said to contain the genetic codes of all Pokémon, so it can use all kinds of techniques.
Because Mew can learn any move, some people began research to see if it is the ancestor of all Pokémon.
Mew is said to possess the genetic composition of all Pokémon. It is capable of making itself invisible at will, so it entirely avoids notice even if it approaches people.
A Mew is said to possess the genes of all Pokémon. It is capable of making itself invisible at will, so it entirely avoids notice even if it approaches people.
A Pokémon of South America that was thought to have been extinct. Mew is very intelligent and learns any move.
Because it can use all kinds of moves, many scientists believe Mew to be the ancestor of Pokémon.
Because Mew is able to use every move, there are many scientists who believe that it is the ancestor of all Pokémon.
Mew's very intelligent and can use an incredible variety of moves. Many believe that all other Pokémon are descendants of this one.
Mew is said to be extinct, but sightings of it are still being reported to this day.

A sweet aroma gently wafts from the leaf on Chikorita's head. It is docile and loves to soak up the sun's rays.
Chikorita's pleasantly aromatic leaves have the ability to check the humidity and temperature.
Chikorita loves to bask in the sunlight. It uses the leaf on its head to seek out warm places.
In battle, Chikorita waves its leaf around to keep the foe at bay. However, a sweet fragrance also wafts from the leaf, becalming the battling Pokémon and creating a cozy, friendly atmosphere all around.
Chikorita waves its leaf around to keep foes at bay. However, a sweet fragrance also wafts from the leaf, creating a friendly atmosphere that becalms the battlers.
Chikorita uses the leaf on its head to determine the temperature and humidity. It loves to sunbathe.
Chikorita's pleasantly aromatic leaf has the ability to check humidity and temperature.
A sweet aroma gently wafts from the leaf on Chikorita's head. It is docile and loves to soak up sun rays.
In battle, Chikorita waves its leaf around to keep the foe at bay. However, a sweet fragrance also wafts from the leaf, becalming the battling Pokémon and creating a cozy, friendly atmosphere all around.

The scent of spices comes from around Bayleef's neck. Somehow, sniffing it makes you want to fight.
A spicy aroma emanates from around Bayleef's neck. The aroma acts as a stimulant to restore health.
The scent that wafts from the leaves on Bayleef's neck causes anyone who smells it to become energetic.
Bayleef's neck is ringed by curled-up leaves. Inside each tubular leaf is a small shoot of a tree. The fragrance of this shoot makes people peppy.
A Bayleef's neck is ringed by curled-up leaves. Inside each leaf is a small tree shoot. The fragrance of this shoot makes people peppy.
The buds that ring Bayleef's neck give off a spicy aroma that perks people up.
Bayleef's neck is ringed by curled-up leaves. Inside each tubular leaf is a small shoot of a tree. The fragrance of this shoot makes people peppy.

The aroma that rises from Meganium's petals contains a substance that calms aggressive feelings.
Meganium's breath has the power to revive dead grass and plants. It can make them healthy again.
Anyone who stands beside Meganium becomes refreshed, just as if they were relaxing in a sunny forest.
The fragrance of Meganium's flower soothes and calms emotions. In battle, this Pokémon gives off more of its becalming scent to blunt the foe's fighting spirit.
The fragrance of Meganium's flower soothes and calms emotions. In battle, it gives off more of its becalming scent to blunt the foe's fighting spirit.
Meganium's breath has the fantastic ability to revive dead plants and flowers.
The fragrance of Meganium's flower soothes and calms emotions. In battle, this Pokémon gives off more of its becalming scent to blunt the foe's fighting spirit.

Cyndaquil is timid, and always curls itself up in a ball. If attacked, it flares up its back for protection.
Cyndaquil usually stays hunched over. If it is angry or surprised, it shoots flames out of its back.
The fire that spouts from Cyndaquil's back burns hottest when it is angry. The flaring flames intimidate foes.
Cyndaquil protects itself by flaring up the flames on its back. The flames are vigorous if the Pokémon is angry. However, if it is tired, the flames sputter fitfully with incomplete combustion.
Cyndaquil flares flames from its back to protect itself. The fire burns vigorously if the Pokémon is angry. When it is tired, it sputters with incomplete combustion.
Cyndaquil has a timid nature. If it is startled, the flames on its back burn more vigorously.
Cyndaquil is timid and always curls itself up in a ball. If attacked, it flares up its back for protection.
Cyndaquil protects itself by flaring up the flames on its back. The flames are vigorous if the Pokémon is angry. However, if it is tired, the flames sputter fitfully with incomplete combustion.

Be careful if Quilava turns its back during battle. It means that it will attack with the fire on its back.
Quilava is fully covered by nonflammable fur. It can withstand any kind of fire attack.
Before battle, Quilava turns its back on its opponent to demonstrate how ferociously its fire blazes.
Quilava keeps its foes at bay with the intensity of its flames and gusts of superheated air. This Pokémon applies its outstanding nimbleness to dodge attacks even while scorching the foes with flames.
Quilava intimidates foes with intense gusts of flames and superheated air. Its quick nimbleness lets it dodge attacks even while scorching an enemy.
Quilava intimidates foes with the heat of its flames. The fire burns more strongly when it readies to fight.
Quilava keeps its foes at bay with the intensity of its flames and gusts of superheated air. This Pokémon applies its outstanding nimbleness to dodge attacks even while scorching the foes with flames.

If Typhlosion's rage peaks, it becomes so hot that anything that touches it will instantly go up in flames.
Typhlosion has a secret, devastating move. It rubs its blazing fur together to cause huge explosions.
When heat from Typhlosion's body causes the air around it to shimmer, this is a sign that it is ready to battle.
Typhlosion obscures itself behind a shimmering heat haze that it creates using its intensely hot flames. This Pokémon creates blazing explosive blasts that burn everything to cinders.
It can hide behind a shimmering heat haze that it creates using its intense flames. Typhlosion create blazing explosive blasts that burn everything to cinders.
Typhlosion attacks using blasts of fire. It creates heat shimmers with intense fire to hide itself.
Typhlosion obscures itself behind a shimmering heat haze that it creates using its intensely hot flames. This Pokémon creates blazing explosive blasts that burn everything to cinders.

Totodile's well-developed jaws are powerful and capable of crushing anything. Even its trainer must be careful.
Totodile is small but rough and tough. It won't hesitate to take a bite out of anything that moves.
This rough critter chomps at any moving object Totodile sees. Turning your back on it is not recommended.
Totodile's well-developed jaws are powerful and capable of crushing anything. Even its Trainer must be careful.
Despite the smallness of its body, Totodile's jaws are very powerful. While the Pokémon may think it is just playfully nipping, its bite has enough power to cause serious injury.
Despite its small body, Totodile's jaws are very powerful. While it may think it is just playfully nipping, its bite has enough strength to cause serious injury.
Totodile has the habit of biting anything with its developed jaws. Even its Trainer needs to be careful.
Totodile's powerful, well-developed jaws are capable of crushing anything. Even its Trainer must be careful.
Despite the smallness of its body, Totodile's jaws are very powerful. While the Pokémon may think it is just playfully nipping, its bite has enough power to cause serious injury.

If Croconaw loses a fang, a new one grows back in its place. There are always 48 fangs lining its mouth.
Croconaw opens its huge jaws wide when attacking. If it loses any fangs while biting, they grow back in.
The tips of Croconaw's fangs are slanted backward. Once those fangs clamp down, the prey has no hope of escape.
Once Croconaw has clamped its jaws on its foe, it will absolutely not let go. Because the tips of its fangs are forked back like barbed fishhooks, they become impossible to remove when they have sunk in.
Once Croconaw's jaws clamp down on its foe, it will absolutely not let go. Because the tips of its fangs are forked back like fishhooks, they become irremovably embedded.
Once Croconaw bites down, it won't let go until it loses its fangs. New fangs quickly grow into place.
Once Croconaw has clamped its jaws on its foe, it will absolutely not let go. Because the tips of its fangs are forked back like barbed fishhooks, they become impossible to remove when they have sunk in.

When Feraligatr bites with its massive and powerful jaws, it shakes its head and savagely tears its victim up.
Feraligatr is hard for it to support its own weight out of water, so it gets down on all fours. But it moves fast.
Although Feraligatr has a massive body, its powerful hind legs enable it to move quickly, even on the ground.
Feraligatr intimidates its foes by opening its huge mouth. In battle, it will kick the ground hard with its thick and powerful hind legs to charge at the foe at an incredible speed.
Feraligatr opens its huge mouth to intimidate enemies. In battle, it runs using its thick and powerful hind legs to charge the foe with incredible speed.
Feraligatr usually moves slowly, but it goes at blinding speed when it attacks and bites prey.
Feraligatr is hard for it to support its own weight out of water, so it sometimes gets down on all fours. But it moves fast.
Feraligatr intimidates its foes by opening its huge mouth. In battle, it will kick the ground hard with its thick and powerful hind legs to charge at the foe at an incredible speed.

A very cautious Pokémon, Sentret raises itself up using its tail to get a better view of its surroundings.
Sentret stands on its tail so it can see a long way. If it spots an enemy, it cries loudly to warn its kind.
When acting as a lookout, Sentret warns others of danger by screeching and hitting the ground with its tail.
When Sentret sleeps, it does so while another stands guard. The sentry wakes the others at the first sign of danger. When this Pokémon becomes separated from its pack, it becomes incapable of sleep due to fear.
Sentret take turns standing guard when it is time to sleep. The sentry awakens the others if it senses danger. If one becomes separated, it turns sleepless with fear.
Sentret has a very nervous nature. It stands up high on its tail so it can scan wide areas.
When Sentret sleeps, it does so while another stands guard. The sentry wakes the others at the first sign of danger. When this Pokémon becomes separated from its pack, it becomes incapable of sleep due to fear.

Furret makes a nest to suit its long and skinny body. The nest is impossible for other Pokémon to enter.
There is no telling where the tail begins. Despite Furret's short legs, it is quick at hunting Rattata.
Furret lives in narrow burrows that fit its slim body. The deeper the nests go, the more maze-like they become.
Furret has a very slim build. When under attack, it can slickly squirm through narrow spaces and get away. In spite of its short limbs, this Pokémon is very nimble and fleet.
A Furret has a very slim build. When under attack, it can squirm through narrow spaces and get away. In spite of its short limbs, it is very nimble and fleet.
The mother puts Furret's offspring to sleep by curling up around them. It corners foes with speed.
There is no telling where the tail begins. Despite Furret's short legs, it is quick and likes to chase Rattata.
Furret has a very slim build. When under attack, it can slickly squirm through narrow spaces and get away. In spite of its short limbs, this Pokémon is very nimble and fleet.

Hoothoot always stands on one foot. It changes feet so fast, the movement can rarely be seen.
Hoothoot has a perfect sense of time. Whatever happens, it keeps rhythm by precisely tilting its head in time.
Hoothoot begins to hoot at the same time every day. Some trainers use them in place of clocks.
Hoothoot has an internal organ that senses and tracks the earth's rotation. Using this special organ, this Pokémon begins hooting at precisely the same time every day.
It has an internal organ that senses the earth's rotation. Using this special organ, a Hoothoot begins hooting at precisely the same time every day.
Hoothoot always stands on one foot. Even when attacked, it does not brace itself using both feet.
Hoothoot switches its standing foot so quickly, it can't be seen. It cries at the same time every day.
Hoothoot marks time precisely. Some countries consider it to be a wise friend, versed in the world's ways.
Every day, Hoothoot tilts its head in the same rhythm. A long time ago, people raised these Pokémon to serve as clocks.
Hoothoot cries out at the same time every day. A long time ago, people cherished it and considered it a divine messenger sent to tell the time.
Hoothoot begins to hoot at the same time every day. Some Trainers use them in place of clocks.

Noctowl's eyes are specially adapted. They concentrate even faint light and enable it to see in the dark.
When Noctowl needs to think, it rotates its head 180 degrees to sharpen its intellectual power.
Noctowl's extremely soft feathers make no sound in flight. It silently sneaks up on prey without being detected.
Noctowl never fails at catching prey in darkness. This Pokémon owes its success to its superior vision that allows it to see in minimal light, and to its soft, supple wings that make no sound in flight.
It unfailingly catches prey in darkness. Noctowl owe their success to superior vision that allows them to see in minimal light, and to their supple and silent wings.
Noctowl's eyes are special. They can pick out objects as long as there is the tiniest amount of light.
If Noctowl flips its head upside down, it's a sign that it is engaged in very complex thinking.
Noctowl's eyes are specially developed to enable it to see clearly even in murky darkness and minimal light.
With eyes that can see in pitch-darkness, Noctowl never lets its prey escape. Some even call it “the emperor of dark nights.
When Noctowl turns its head entirely upside down, you know it's troubled by something. If you don't leave it be, it will peck you.
When Noctowl needs to think, it rotates its head 180 degrees to sharpen its intellectual power.

Ledyba is very timid. It will be afraid to move if it is alone. But it will be active if it is in a group.
When the weather turns cold, lots of Ledyba gather from everywhere to cluster and keep each other warm.
Ledyba is timid and clusters together with others. The fluid secreted by its feet indicates its location.
Ledyba secretes an aromatic fluid from where its legs join its body. This fluid is used for communicating with others. This Pokémon conveys its feelings to others by altering the fluid's scent.
Ledyba communicate using a fluid that they secrete from where the legs join the body. They are said to convey feelings to others by altering the fluid's scent.
Ledyba is so timid , it can't move if it isn't with a swarm of others. It conveys its feelings with scent.
Ledyba are timid and grow uneasy when not in a swarm with others of their kind. The pattern on their backs differs slightly from one to another.
Ledyba communicate with one another using bodily fluids that give off odors. When they're angry, their odor smells sour.
Ledyba is very sensitive to cold. In the warmth of Alola, it appears quite lively.
These very cowardly Pokémon join together and use Reflect to protect Ledyba's nest.

When the stars flicker in the night sky, Ledian flutters about, scattering a glowing powder.
The star patterns on Ledian's back grow larger or smaller depending on the number of stars in the night sky.
In the daytime when Ledian gets warm, it curls up inside a big leaf and drifts off into a deep slumber.
It is said that in lands with clean air, where the stars fill the sky, there live Ledian in countless numbers. There is a good reason for this - the Pokémon uses the light of the stars as its energy.
It is said that in lands with clean air, where the stars fill the sky, there live many Ledian. For good reason, they use the light of the stars as energy.
Ledian uses starlight as energy. When more stars appear at night, the patterns on its back grow larger.
The spot patterns on Ledian's back grow larger or smaller depending on the number of stars in the night sky.
It is said that in lands with clean air, where the stars fill the sky, there live Ledian in countless numbers. There is a good reason for this—the Pokémon uses the light of the stars as its energy.
While it's believed that starlight provides it with energy, Ledian also loves to eat berries. In the daytime, it curls up in the grass to sleep.
In battle, Ledian throws punches with all four arms. The power of each individual blow is piddly, so it aims to win by quantity rather than quality.
Ledian's said that the patterns on its back are related to the stars in the night sky, but the details of that relationship remain unclear.
Ledian flies through the night sky, sprinkling sparkly dust. According to some, if that dust sticks to you, good things will happen to you.

Spinarak lies still in the same pose for days in its web, waiting for its unsuspecting prey to wander close.
Spinarak spins a web using fine—but durable—thread. It then waits patiently for prey to be trapped.
If prey becomes ensnared in Spinarak's nest of spun string, it waits motionlessly until it becomes dark.
The web spun by Spinarak can be considered its second nervous system. It is said that this Pokémon can determine what kind of prey is touching its web just by the tiny vibrations it feels through the web's strands.
The web it spins can be considered its second nervous system. It is said that a Spinarak determines its prey by the tiny vibrations it feels through the web.
Spinarak spins a web using fine--but durable--thread. It then waits patiently for prey to be trapped.
Spinarak sets a trap by spinning a web with thin but strong silk. It waits motionlessly for prey to arrive.
Spinarak waits intently until its preferred prey, Cutiefly, gets caught in its web. In fact, it's quite a patient Pokémon.
Some fishermen weave Spinarak's sturdy thread into nets to catch fish Pokémon.
With threads from Spinarak's mouth, it fashions sturdy webs that won't break even if you set a rock on them.
Although the poison from Spinarak's fangs isn't that strong, it's potent enough to weaken prey that gets caught in its web.

Ariados spins string not only from its rear but also from its mouth. It is hard to tell which end is which.
A single strand of a special string is endlessly spun out of Ariados's rear. The string leads back to its nest.
Rather than making a nest in one specific spot, Ariados wanders in search of food after darkness falls.
Ariados's feet are tipped with tiny hooked claws that enable it to scuttle on ceilings and vertical walls. This Pokémon constricts the foe with thin and strong silk webbing.
Ariados's feet are tipped with tiny hooked claws that enable it to scuttle on ceilings and vertical walls. It constricts its foe with thin and strong silk webbing.
Ariados attaches silk to its prey and sets it free. Later, it tracks the silk to the prey and its friends.
Ariados spins string not only from its rear but also from its mouth. It's hard to tell which end is which.
There are some areas where people use the string Ariados spins for their own weaving. The resulting cloth is popular for its strength.
Ariados spins thread from both its rear and its mouth. Then it wraps its prey up in thread and sips their bodily fluids at its leisure.
Every night, Ariados wanders around in search of prey, whose movements it restrains by spewing threads before it bites into them with its fangs.
Ariados spews threads from its mouth to catch its prey. When night falls, it leaves its web to go hunt aggressively.

Crobat flies so silently through the dark on its four wings that it may not be noticed even when nearby.
The development of wings on Crobat's legs enables it to fly fast but also makes it tough to stop and rest.
As a result of Crobat's pursuit of faster, yet more silent flight, a new set of wings grew on its hind legs.
If this Pokémon is flying by fluttering only a pair of wings on either the forelegs or hind legs, it's proof that Crobat has been flying a long distance. It switches the wings it uses if it is tired.
Crobat sneaks up on its intended prey using wings that barely make a sound. This Pokémon rests by hanging on a tree branch with its rear legs that serve as wings.
Over the course of evolution, Crobat's hind legs turned into wings. By alternately resting its front and rear wings, it can fly all day without having to stop.
Having four wings enables Crobat to fly faster and more quietly. It turns active when the night comes.
A Pokémon that gained vastly enhanced flying performance by having Crobat's legs turn into wings.
The transformation of Crobat's legs into wings made it better at flying, but more clumsy at walking.
Having four wings allows Crobat to fly more quickly and quietly so it can sneak up on prey without its noticing.
Both Crobat's legs became wings, and as a result, it can't move well on the ground. All it can do is crawl around.
Silent and swift in Crobat's four-winged flight, it bites down on its prey before they realize what's happening. In a heartbeat, it drains their blood.
Crobat's fangs are so sharp, if it bites you in the dark and sucks your blood, you won't notice any pain or realize you've been bitten.
Crobat feeds on the blood of living people and Pokémon. If it can't drink any blood for even a short while, it becomes weak and unable to fly.

Chinchou shoots positive and negative electricity between the tips of its two antennae and zaps its enemies.
On the dark ocean floor, Chinchou's only means of communication is its constantly flashing lights.
Chinchou's antennae, which evolved from a fin, have both positive and negative charges flowing through them.
Chinchou lets loose positive and negative electrical charges from its two antennas to make its prey faint. This Pokémon flashes its electric lights to exchange signals with others.
Chinchou's two antennas are filled with cells that generate strong electricity. This Pokémon's cells create so much electrical power, it even makes itself tingle slightly.
When Chinchou senses danger, it discharges positive and negative electricity from its two antennae. It lives in depths beyond sunlight's reach.
Chinchou discharges positive and negative electricity from its antenna tips to shock its foes.
Chinchou's two antennae were originally fins. It discharges electricity to stun its prey before attacking.
Chinchou lives in the depths beyond the reach of sunlight. It flashes lights on its antennae to communicate with others of its kind.
Chinchou's two antennae glow softly to lure in prey, making it a useful Pokémon for night fishing.
Chinchou blink their shining antennae at one another to claim their respective turf.
On the dark ocean floor, Chinchou's only means of communication is its constantly flashing lights.

The light Lanturn emits is so bright that it can illuminate the sea's surface from a depth of over three miles.
Lanturn blinds prey with an intense burst of light, then swallows the immobilized prey in a single gulp.
Lanturn uses the bright part of its body, which changed from a dorsal fin, to lure prey.
Lanturn is nicknamed "the deep-sea star" for its illuminated antenna. This Pokémon produces light by causing a chemical reaction between bacteria and its bodily fluids inside the antenna.
Lanturn is known to emit light. If you peer down into the dark sea from a ship at night, you can sometimes see this Pokémon's light rising from the depths where it swims. It gives the sea an appearance of a starlit night.
The light-emitting orbs on Lanturn's back are very bright. They are formed from a part of its dorsal fin. This Pokémon illuminates the inky darkness of deep seas.
Lanturn's light can shine up from great depths. It is nicknamed "The Deep-Sea Star.
Lanturn blinds prey with an intense burst of light. With the prey incapacitated, the Pokémon swallows it in a single gulp.
Should you peer into the ocean at night and see a light shining like the stars, that is Lanturn.
Lanturn flashes a bright light that blinds its prey. This creates an opening for it to deliver an electrical attack.
When the bacteria living inside its antennae absorb Lanturn's bodily fluids, a strong luminescent effect is produced.
Lanturn lives far down in the depths of the ocean. It blinds its prey with light, using the moment they're dazzled to swallow them whole.
Lanturn flashes a bright light that blinds its prey. This creates an opening for it to deliver an electrical attack.

Pichu is not yet skilled at storing electricity. It may send out a jolt if amused or startled.
Despite Pichu's small size, it can zap even adult humans. However, if it does so, it also surprises itself.
Pichu is unskilled at storing electric power. Any kind of shock causes it to discharge energy spontaneously.
Pichu charges itself with electricity more easily on days with thunderclouds or when the air is very dry. You can hear the crackling of static electricity coming off this Pokémon.
When Pichu plays with others, it may short out electricity with another Pichu, creating a shower of sparks. In that event, this Pokémon will begin crying, startled by the flash of sparks.
Pichu is still inept at retaining electricity. When it is startled, it discharges power accidentally. It gets better at holding power as it grows older.
The electric pouches on Pichu's cheeks are still small. They cannot store much electricity yet.
Pichu plays with others by touching tails and setting off sparks. This appears to be a test of courage.
The electric sacs in Pichu's cheeks are small. If even a little electricity leaks, it becomes shocked.
Pichu is not yet skilled at controlling electricity. If you take your eyes off it, it may shock itself.
Despite Pichu's cute appearance, those who want to live with one should prepare to be on the receiving end of its electric jolts.
Pichu still can't use electricity well. When it's surprised or excited, it discharges electricity unintentionally.
It has electric sacs in its cheeks. When they're fully charged, Pichu plays very energetically.
The electric sacs in Pichu's cheeks are small. If even a little electricity leaks, it becomes shocked.

Because of Cleffa's unusual, star-like silhouette, people believe that it came here on a meteor.
When numerous meteors illuminate the night sky, sightings of Cleffa strangely increase.
If the impact site of a meteorite is found, Cleffa is certain to be within the immediate area.
On nights with many shooting stars, Cleffa can be seen dancing in a ring. They dance through the night and stop only at the break of day, when these Pokémon quench their thirst with the morning dew.
On nights with many shooting stars, Cleffa can be seen dancing in a ring. They dance until daybreak, when they quench their thirst with the morning dew.
Cleffa's silhouette is like a star. It is believed to arrive riding on shooting stars.
Many appear when the night skies are filled with shooting stars. Cleffa disappear with sunrise.
Cleffa is often seen when shooting stars fill the night skies. It's said to arrive riding on a shooting star.
According to local rumors, Cleffa are often seen in places where shooting stars have fallen.
Because of Cleffa's unusual, starlike silhouette, people believe that it came here on a meteor.
On late nights illuminated by shooting stars, Cleffa gazes intently skyward, as if thinking of its home.
Because of Cleffa's silhouette, it's believed to be a star reborn. For some reason, it loves Minior.
On nights with many shooting stars, Cleffa gather in packs and dance in circles.
Said to have ridden here on a shooting star, Cleffa seem to appear in places where meteorites have struck in the past.
Because of Cleffa's unusual, starlike silhouette, people believe that it came here on a meteor.

Igglybuff has a very soft body. If it starts to roll, it will bounce all over and be impossible to stop.
Igglybuff's extremely flexible and elastic body makes it bounce continuously—anytime, anywhere.
Instead of walking with Igglybuff's short legs, it moves around by bouncing on its soft, tender body.
Igglybuff's vocal chords are not sufficiently developed. It would hurt its throat if it were to sing too much. This Pokémon gargles with freshwater from a clean stream.
Igglybuff has a soft and plushy body that feels very much like a marshmallow. From this body wafts a gently sweet fragrance that soothes and calms the emotions of its foes.
Igglybuff's soft and pliable body is very bouncy. When it sings continuously with all its might, its body steadily turns a deepening pink color.
Igglybuff has a soft and bouncy body. Once it starts bouncing, it becomes impossible to stop.
Igglybuff's body has a faintly sweet scent and is bouncy and soft. If it bounces even once, it cannot stop.
Igglybuff's vocal cords are not sufficiently developed. It would hurt its throat if it were to sing too much. This Pokémon gargles with freshwater from a clean stream.
Igglybuff likes to sing but is not yet good at it. With praise and encouragement, it will get better little by little.
Igglybuff moves by bouncing along. As it moves a lot, it sweats, and its body gives off a sweet aroma.
Igglybuff's always practicing its singing because it wants to improve.
Left to Igglybuff's own devices, it will constantly practice singing. You should make it take a break so it doesn't hurt its throat.

The shell seems to be filled with joy. Togepi is said that it will share good luck when treated kindly.
A proverb claims that happiness will come to anyone who can make a sleeping Togepi stand up.
Togepi is considered to be a symbol of good luck. Its shell is said to be filled with happiness.
As its energy, Togepi uses the positive emotions of compassion and pleasure exuded by people and Pokémon. This Pokémon stores up feelings of happiness inside its shell, then shares them with others.
As Togepi's energy, it uses the feelings of compassion and pleasure exuded by people and Pokémon. It stores up happy feelings in its shell, then shares them out.
Togepi's shell is said to be stuffed with happiness that it shares with kindhearted people.
Togepi transforms the kindness and joy of others into happiness, which it stores in its shell.
As its energy, Togepi uses the positive emotions of compassion and pleasure exuded by people and Pokémon. This Pokémon then stores up feelings of happiness inside its shell, then shares them with others.
Togepi is considered to be a symbol of good luck. Its shell is said to be filled with happiness.

Togetic say that it will appear before kindhearted, caring people and shower them with happiness.
Togetic grows dispirited if it is not with kind people. It can float in midair without moving its wings.
Although Togetic does not flap its wings very much, it can stay up in the air as it tags along after its trainer.
Togetic is said to be a Pokémon that brings good fortune. When the Pokémon spots someone who is pure of heart, it is said to appear and share its happiness with that person.
It is said to be a Pokémon that brings good fortune. When it spots someone who is pure of heart, a Togetic appears and shares its happiness with that person.
Togetic is said to appear in front of kindly people to scatter a glowing down called "joy dust.
To share Togetic's happiness, it flies around the world seeking kind-hearted people.
Togetic grows dispirited if it is not with kind people. It can float in midair without moving its wings.

Because Natu's wings aren't yet fully grown, it has to hop to get around. It is always staring at something.
Natu usually forages for food on the ground but may, on rare occasions, hop onto branches to peck at shoots.
Natu is extremely good at climbing tree trunks and likes to eat the new sprouts on the trees.
Natu cannot fly because its wings are not yet fully grown. If your eyes meet with this Pokémon's eyes, it will stare back intently at you. But if you move even slightly, it will hop away to safety.
Natu has a highly developed jumping ability. The Pokémon flaps and leaps onto tree branches that are taller than grown-up people to pick at the tree's new shoots.
It runs up short trees that grow on the savanna to peck at new shoots. A Natu's eyes look as if they are always observing something.
Natu picks food from cactus plants, deftly avoiding buds and spines. It seems to skip about to move.
Although Natu still can't fly, its jumping power is outstanding. It jumps way up into trees and plucks the buds from the branches.
The look in its eyes gives the impression that it's carefully observing you. If you approach it, Natu will hop away.
Because Natu's wings aren't yet fully grown, it has to hop to get around. It is always staring at something.

Xatu say that it stays still and quiet because it is seeing both the past and future at the same time.
In South America, Xatu is said that its right eye sees the future and its left eye views the past.
Once Xatu begins to meditate at sunrise, the entire day will pass before it will move again.
Xatu stands rooted and still in one spot all day long. People believe that this Pokémon does so out of fear of the terrible things it has foreseen in the future.
Xatu is known to stand motionless while staring at the sun all day long. Some people revere it as a mystical Pokémon out of their belief that Xatu is in possession of the power to see into the future.
It has the enigmatic power of foreseeing the future. Some people in different lands have long believed that Xatu are emissaries from another world.
Xatu can see both the past and the future. It eyes the sun's movements all day.
Xatu can see both the past and the future. It eyes the sun's movement all day.
It's said that while Xatu has the power to predict the future, it's not powerful enough to change the future it sees.
While Xatu can see the future, it has no desire to change it, which is probably why it remains motionless at all times.
Xatu can see both the past and the future. It eyes the sun's movement all day.

If static electricity builds in Mareep's body, its fleece doubles in volume. Touching it will shock you.
Mareep's fleece grows continually. In the summer, the fleece is fully shed, but it grows back in a week.
Mareep stores lots of air in its soft fur, allowing it to stay cool in summer and warm in winter.
Mareep's fluffy coat of wool rubs together and builds a static charge. The more static electricity is charged, the more brightly the lightbulb at the tip of its tail grows.
Mareep's fluffy wool rubs together and builds a static charge. The more energy is charged, the more brightly the lightbulb at the tip of its tail glows.
Mareep's fluffy coat swells to double when static electricity builds up. Touching it can be shocking.
When cold weather increases static electricity, Mareep's wool doubles in size and the tip of its tail glows slightly.
Mareep's fluffy coat of wool rubs together and builds a static charge. The more static electricity is charged, the more brightly the lightbulb at the tip of its tail glows.
Clothing made from Mareep's fleece is easily charged with static electricity, so a special process is used on it.
Rubbing Mareep's fleece generates electricity. You'll want to pet it because it's cute, but if you use your bare hand, you'll get a painful shock.

As a result of storing too much electricity, Flaaffy developed patches where even downy wool won't grow.
Flaaffy's fluffy fleece easily stores electricity. Its rubbery hide keeps it from being electrocuted.
Because of Flaaffy's rubbery, electricity-resistant skin, it can store lots of electricity in its fur.
Flaaffy's wool quality changes so that it can generate a high amount of static electricity with a small amount of wool. The bare and slick parts of its hide are shielded against electricity.
Flaaffy's fleece quality changes to generate strong static electricity with a small amount of wool. The bare, slick parts of its hide are shielded against electricity.
If Flaaffy's coat becomes fully charged with electricity, its tail lights up. It fires hair that zaps on impact.
Not even downy wool will grow on Flaaffy's rubbery, nonconductive patches of skin that prevent electrical shock.
In the places on Flaaffy's body where fleece doesn't grow, its skin is rubbery and doesn't conduct electricity. Those spots are safe to touch.
Flaaffy stores electricity in its fluffy fleece. If it stores up too much, it will start to go bald in those patches.

The tail's tip shines brightly and can be seen from far away. Ampharos acts as a beacon for lost people.
The bright light on Ampharos's tail can be seen far away. It has been treasured since ancient times as a beacon.
When Ampharos gets dark, the light from its bright, shiny tail can be seen from far away on the ocean's surface.
The tail's tip shines brightly and can be seen from far away. Ampharos acts like a beacon for lost people.
Ampharos gives off so much light that it can be seen even from space. People in the old days used the light of this Pokémon to send signals back and forth with others far away.
Ampharos gives off so much light that it can be seen even from space. People in the old days used its light to send signals back and forth with others far away.
The tip of Ampharos's tail shines brightly. In the olden days, people sent signals using the tail's light.
The tip of Ampharos's tail shines so brightly it can be used to send sea-navigation beacons to distinct foreign shores.
The light from Ampharos's tail can be seen from space. This is why you can always tell exactly where it is, which is why it usually keeps the light off.
Ampharos's tail shines bright and strong. It has been prized since long ago as a beacon for sailors.
Excess energy from Mega Evolution stimulates Ampharos's genes, and the wool it had lost grows in again.
Massive amounts of energy intensely stimulated Ampharos's cells, apparently awakening its long-sleeping dragon's blood.

Bellossom gather at times and appear to dance. They say that the dance is a ritual to summon the sun.
Plentiful in the tropics. When Bellossom dances, its petals rub together and make a pleasant ringing sound.
When these dance together, Bellossom's petals rub against each other, making pretty, relaxing sounds.
When Bellossom get exposed to plenty of sunlight, the leaves ringing its body begin to spin around. This Pokémon's dancing is renowned in southern lands.
A Bellossom grows flowers more beautifully if it evolves from a smelly Gloom - the stinkier the better. At night, this Pokémon closes its petals and goes to sleep.
Bellossom's flower petals deepen in color through exposure to sunlight. When cloudy weather persists, it does a dance that is thought to be a ritual for summoning the sun.
When the heavy rainfall season ends, Bellossom is drawn out by warm sunlight to dance in the open.
When Bellossom gets exposed to plenty of sunlight, the leaves ringing its body begin to spin around. This Pokémon's dancing is renowned in the southern lands.
A Bellossom grows flowers more beautifully if it has evolved from a smelly Gloom—the more stinky the better. At night, this Pokémon closes its petals and goes to sleep.
Bellossom gather at times and appear to dance. They say that the dance is a ritual to summon the sun.

The tip of Marill's tail, which contains oil that is lighter than water, lets it swim without drowning.
The end of Marill's tail serves as a buoy that keeps it from drowning, even in a vicious current.
The fur on Marill's body naturally repels water. It can stay dry, even when it plays in the water.
Marill's oil-filled tail acts much like a life preserver. If you see just its tail bobbing on the water's surface, it's a sure indication that this Pokémon is diving beneath the water to feed on aquatic plants.
When fishing for food at the edge of a fast-running stream, Marill wraps its tail around the trunk of a tree. This Pokémon's tail is flexible and configured to stretch.
Marill's body is covered with water-repellent fur. Because of the fur, it can swim through water at high speed without being slowed by the water's resistance.
Using Marill's tail as a float, it dives underwater. It likes eating plants that grow on river bottoms.
The tip of Marill's tail is filled with oil that is lighter than water, so it acts as a float.
The oil-filled end of its tail floats on water. It keeps Marill from drowning even in a strong current.
The oil-filled tail functions as a buoy, so Marill's fine even in rivers with strong currents.
When fishing for food at the edge of a fast-running stream, Marill wraps its tail around the trunk of a tree. This Pokémon's tail is flexible and configured to stretch.

By keeping still and listening intently, Azumarill can tell what is in even wild, fast-moving rivers.
When Azumarill plays in water, it rolls up its elongated ears to prevent their insides from getting wet.
The bubble-like pattern on Azumarill's stomach helps it camouflage itself when it's in the water.
Azumarill's long ears are indispensable sensors. By focusing its hearing, this Pokémon can identify what kinds of prey are around, even in rough and fast-running rivers.
Azumarill can make balloons out of air. It makes these air balloons if it spots a drowning Pokémon. The air balloons enable the Pokémon in trouble to breathe.
Azumarill lives in water virtually all day long. Its body color and pattern act as camouflage that makes it tough for enemies to spot in water.
By keeping still and listening intently, Azumarill can even tell what is in wild, fast-moving rivers.
Azumarill lives in rivers and lakes. In water, its coloring and patterns trick the vision of foes.
Azumarill's long ears are superb sensors. It can distinguish the movements of living things on riverbeds.
Azumarill can spend all day in water, since it can inhale and store a large volume of air.
Azumarill's long ears are superb sensors. It can distinguish the movements of things in water and tell what they are.
Azumarill can make balloons out of air. It makes these air balloons if it spots a drowning Pokémon. The air balloons enable the Pokémon in trouble to breathe.

Although Sudowoodo always pretends to be a tree, its composition appears to be closer to a rock than a plant.
Sudowoodo disguises itself as a tree to avoid attack. It hates water, so it will disappear if it starts raining.
If a tree branch shakes when there is no wind, it's a Sudowoodo, not a tree. It hides from the rain.
Sudowoodo camouflages itself as a tree to avoid being attacked by enemies. However, because the forelegs remain green throughout the year, the Pokémon is easily identified as a fake during the winter.
Sudowoodo mimics a tree to avoid being attacked by enemies. But since its forelegs remain green throughout the year, it is easily identified as a fake in the winter.
Despite appearing to be a tree, Sudowoodo's body is closer to rocks and stones. It is very weak to water.
Sudowoodo stands along paths pretending to be a tree. If it starts raining, it seems to disappear.
To avoid being attacked, Sudowoodo does nothing but mimic a tree. It hates water and flees from rain.
Although Sudowoodo always pretends to be a tree, its composition appears more similar to rock than to vegetation.
Sudowoodo camouflages itself as a tree to avoid being attacked by enemies. However, because its hands remain green throughout the year, the Pokémon is easily identified as a fake during the winter.
To avoid attack, Sudowoodo mimics a tree. It will run off if splashed with water, which it hates.
Apparently, the larger the green parts of Sudowoodo, the more collectors value it. It's a particular favorite among elderly people.
It's so popular with the elderly that there's a magazine devoted to Sudowoodo. Fans obsess over the particular length and angle of its arms.
The result of Sudowoodo's holding the same pose all the time is arms that have become supple yet strong.
Sudowoodo disguises itself as a tree to avoid attack. It hates water, so it will disappear if it starts raining.

If Poliwag and Poliwhirl hear Politoed's echoing cry, they respond by gathering from far and wide.
Whenever three or more of these get together, Politoed sing in a loud voice that sounds like bellowing.
When Politoed expands its throat to croak out a tune, nearby Poliwag and Poliwhirl gather immediately.
The curled hair on Politoed's head is proof of its status as a king. It is said that the longer and more curled the hair, the more respect this Pokémon earns from its peers.
The curled hair on Politoed's head proves its status as a king. It is said that the longer and curlier the hair, the more respect it earns from its peers.
Politoed gathers groups of others as their leader. Its cries make Poliwag obey.
Politoed gather on moonlit nights to form a large chorus. Their cries sound angry and not at all pleasant, but they are certainly distinctive.
It's the leader of Poliwag and Poliwhirl. When Politoed roars, they all cower in fear.
Although Politoed's cries sound like screams, a composer created a beautiful ballad that was influenced by the sounds.
The longer and more luxurious the curled hair on Politoed's head, the greater the number of Poliwag and Poliwhirl that will obey it.

To keep from being blown away by the wind, Hoppip gather in clusters. They do enjoy gentle breezes, though.
Hoppip's body is so light, it must grip the ground firmly with its feet to keep from being blown away.
Hoppip can be carried away on even the gentlest breeze. It may even float all the way to the next town.
This Pokémon drifts and floats with the wind. If it senses the approach of strong winds, Hoppip links its leaves with other Hoppip to prepare against being blown away.
This Pokémon drifts and floats with the wind. If it senses the approach of strong winds, a Hoppip links leaves with others to prepare against being blown away.
It drifts on winds. It is said that when Hoppip gather in fields and mountains, spring is on the way.
To keep from being blown away by the wind, Hoppip gather in clusters. But they do enjoy gentle breezes.
This Pokémon drifts and floats with the wind. If it senses the approach of strong winds, Hoppip links its leaves with other Hoppip to prepare against being blown away.

The bloom on top of Skiploom's head opens and closes as the temperature fluctuates up and down.
Skiploom spreads its petals to absorb sunlight. It also floats in the air to get closer to the sun.
As soon as Skiploom rains, it closes its flower and hides in the shade of a tree to avoid getting wet.
The bloom on top of Skiploom's head open and closes as the temperature fluctuates up and down.
Skiploom's flower blossoms when the temperature rises above 64 degrees F. How much the flower opens depends on the temperature. For that reason, this Pokémon is sometimes used as a thermometer.
Skiploom blossoms when the temperature rises above 64 degrees F. Because its flower's blooming changes with the temperature, it is sometimes used as a thermometer.
Skiploom blooms when the weather warms. It floats in the sky to soak up as much sunlight as possible.
Skiploom's flower blossoms when the temperature rises above 64 degrees Fahrenheit. How much the flower opens depends on the temperature. For that reason, this Pokémon is sometimes used as a thermometer.

Once Jumpluff catches the wind, it deftly controls its cotton-puff spores to float, even around the world.
Drifts on seasonal winds and spreads Jumpluff's cotton-like spores all over the world to make more offspring.
Even in the fiercest wind, Jumpluff can control its fluff to make its way to any place in the world it wants.
Jumpluff rides warm southern winds to cross the sea and fly to foreign lands. The Pokémon descends to the ground when it encounters cold air while it is floating.
Jumpluff ride warm southern winds to cross the sea and fly to foreign lands. This Pokémon lands when it encounters cold air while it is floating.
Blown by seasonal winds, Jumpluff circles the globe, scattering cotton spores as it goes.
Jumpluff rides warm southern winds to cross the sea and fly to foreign lands. The Pokémon descends to the ground when it encounters cold air while it is floating.

Aipom's tail is so powerful that it can use it to grab a tree branch and hold itself up in the air.
Aipom lives atop tall trees. When leaping from branch to branch, it deftly uses its tail for balance.
Aipom uses its tail to hang on to tree branches. It uses its momentum to swing from one branch to another.
Aipom's tail ends in a hand-like appendage that can be cleverly manipulated. However, because the Pokémon uses its tail so much, its real hands have become rather clumsy.
Its tail ends with a dexterous, handlike appendage. However, because it uses the tail so much, Aipom's real hands have become rather clumsy.
Aipom uses its tail to pluck fruits that are out of reach. Its tail is more adept than its real hands.
Aipom lives atop giant trees. It wraps its tail around a branch so it won't fall off while asleep.
Aipom lives high among the treetops. It can use its tail as freely and cleverly as its hands.
As Aipom did more and more with its tail, its hands became clumsy. It makes its nest high in the treetops.
It searches for prey from the tops of trees. When it spots its favorite food, Bounsweet, Aipom gets excited and pounces.

Sunkern may drop out of the sky suddenly. If attacked by a Spearow, it will violently shake its leaves.
Sunkern lives by drinking only dewdrops from under the leaves of plants. It is said that it eats nothing else.
Sunkern is very weak. Its only means of defense is to shake its leaves desperately at its attacker.
Sunkern tries to move as little as it possibly can. It does so because it tries to conserve all the nutrients it has stored in its body for its evolution. It will not eat a thing, subsisting only on morning dew.
Sunkern try to minimize movement to conserve the nutrients they have stored in their bodies for evolution. They will not eat, subsisting only on morning dew.
Sunkern suddenly falls out of the sky in the morning. A year after a cold summer, their population explodes.
Sunkern may plummet from the sky. If attacked by a Spearow, it will violently shake its leaves.
Sunkern suddenly falls out of the sky in the morning. Knowing it's weak, it simply feeds until it evolves.
Sunkern tries to move as little as it possibly can. It does so because it tries to conserve all the nutrients it has stored in its body for its evolution. It will not eat a thing, subsisting only on morning dew.

Sunflora converts sunlight into energy. In the darkness after sunset, it closes its petals and becomes still.
In the daytime, Sunflora rushes about in a hectic manner, but it comes to a complete stop when the sun sets.
As the hot season approaches, the petals on Sunflora's face become more vivid and lively.
Sunflora converts solar energy into nutrition. It moves around actively in the daytime when it is warm. It stops moving as soon as the sun goes down for the night.
Sunflora convert solar energy into nutrition. They are highly active in the warm daytime but suddenly stop moving as soon as the sun sets.
Sunflora gets energy from warm sunlight and is known for its habit of moving in pursuit of it.
Since Sunflora converts sunlight into energy, it is always looking in the direction of the sun.
Sunflora converts solar energy into nutrition. It moves around actively in the daytime when it is warm. It stops moving as soon as the sun goes down for the night.

If Yanma flaps its wings really fast, it can generate shock waves that will shatter windows in the area.
Yanma's large eyes can scan 360 degrees. It looks in all directions to seek out insects as its prey.
Yanma can see in all directions without moving its big eyes, helping it spot attackers and food right away.
Yanma is capable of seeing 360 degrees without having to move its eyes. It is a great flier that is adept at making sudden stops and turning midair. This Pokémon uses its flying ability to quickly chase down targeted prey.
Yanma can see 360 degrees without moving its eyes. It is a great flier capable of making sudden stops and turning midair to quickly chase down targeted prey.
Yanma's eyes can see 360 degrees without moving its head. It won't miss prey, even those behind it.
Yanma can hover in one spot by flapping its wings at high speed. It flits about to guard its territory.
By flapping Yanma's wings at high speed, it can fly freely through the air. Even sudden stops are no problem.
Yanma's eyes can see 360 degrees without moving its head. It won't miss prey--even those behind it.
Yanma is capable of seeing 360 degrees without having to move its eyes. It is a great flier that is adept at making sudden stops and turning midair. This Pokémon uses its flying ability to quickly chase down targeted prey.

Wooper lives in cold water. It will leave the water to search for food when it gets cold outside.
When Wooper walks around on the ground, it coats its body with a slimy, poisonous film.
A mucous membrane covers Wooper's body. Touching it barehanded will cause a shooting pain.
Wooper usually live in water. However, it occasionally comes out onto land in search of food. On land, it coats its body with a gooey, toxic film.
Wooper usually live in water but come out onto land seeking food occasionally. On land, they coat their bodies with a gooey, toxic film.
Wooper lives in cold water, half burying itself in mud at the bottom to sleep.
When the temperature cools in the evening, Wooper emerge from water to seek food along the shore.
When walking on land, Wooper covers its body with a poisonous film that keeps its skin from dehydrating.
Wooper usually lives in water. However, it occasionally comes out onto land in search of food. On land, it coats its body with a gooey, toxic film.
When walking on land, Wooper covers its body with a poisonous film that keeps its skin from dehydrating.

Quagsire has an easy-going nature. While swimming, it always bumps into boat hulls.
Due to Quagsire's relaxed and carefree attitude, it often bumps its head on boulders and boat hulls as it swims.
Quagsire's body is always slimy. It often bangs its head on the river bottom as it swims but seems not to care.
Quagsire hunts for food by leaving its mouth wide open in water and waiting for its prey to blunder in unaware. Because the Pokémon does not move, it does not get very hungry.
A Quagsire hunts by leaving its mouth wide open in water and waiting for its prey to blunder in. Because it doesn't move, it does not get very hungry.
Quagsire has a sluggish nature. It lies at the river's bottom, waiting for prey to stray into its mouth.
A dim-witted Pokémon. Quagsire doesn't care if it bumps its head into boats or rocks while swimming.
Quagsire has an easygoing nature. It doesn't care if it bumps its head on boats and rocks while swimming.
Quagsire has an easygoing nature. It doesn't care if it bumps its head on boats and boulders while swimming.
Quagsire's body is always slimy. It often bangs its head on the river bottom as it swims but seems not to care.

Espeon uses the fine hair that covers its body to sense air currents and predict its enemy's actions.
By reading air currents, Espeon can predict things such as the weather or its foe's next move.
The tip of Espeon's forked tail quivers when it is predicting its opponent's next move.
Espeon is extremely loyal to any trainer it considers to be worthy. It is said that this Pokémon developed its precognitive powers to protect its trainer from harm.
An Espeon is extremely loyal to any trainer it considers to be worthy. It is said to have developed precognitive powers to protect its trainer from harm.
Espeon's fur has the look and feel of velvet. The orb on its forehead glows when it uses psycho-power.
Espeon's fur is so sensitive, it can sense minute shifts in the air and predict the weather.
Espeon's fur is so sensitive, it can feel minute shifts in the air and predict the weather... and its foes' thoughts.
Espeon's fur is so sensitive, it can feel minute shifts in the air and predict the weather...and its foes' thoughts.
Espeon is extremely loyal to any Trainer it considers to be worthy. It is said that this Pokémon developed its precognitive powers to protect its Trainer from harm.
Espeon can instantaneously sense its opponent's movements by feeling air currents with its fine fur.
Espeon unleashes psychic power from the orb on its forehead. When its power is exhausted, the orb grows dull and dark.
Although Espeon originally had no powers at all, people say its precognitive faculties were awakened by its need to protect itself.
Psychic power builds up in the orb on its forehead as it bathes in the sunshine. Espeon is not good at battling at night.
Espeon unleashes psychic power from the orb on its forehead. When its power is exhausted, the orb grows dull and dark.

When agitated, Umbreon protects itself by spraying poisonous sweat from its pores.
When darkness falls, the rings on the body begin to glow, striking fear in the hearts of anyone nearby.
On the night of a full moon, or when Umbreon gets excited, the ring patterns on its body glow yellow.
Umbreon evolved as a result of exposure to the moon's waves. It hides silently in darkness and waits for its foes to make a move. The rings on its body glow when it leaps to attack.
Umbreon evolved from exposure to the moon's energy pulses. It lurks in darkness and waits for its foes to move. The rings on its body glow when it leaps to attack.
The light of the moon changed Eevee's genetic structure. Umbreon lurks in darkness for prey.
When exposed to the moon's aura, the rings on Umbreon's body glow faintly and it gains a mysterious power.
When exposed to the moon's aura, the rings on Umbreon's body glow faintly and it's filled with a mysterious power.
When Umbreon becomes angry, its pores secrete a poisonous sweat, which it sprays at its opponent's eyes.
With Umbreon's black fur, it blends into the darkness. It bides its time, and when prey appears, this Pokémon goes for its throat, and then eats it.
Umbreon is nocturnal.
Umbreon lurks in the dark of night looking for prey. At the moment it pounces, the rings on its body glow dimly but ominously.
On the night of a full moon, or when Umbreon gets excited, the ring patterns on its body glow yellow.

Feared and loathed by many, Murkrow is believed to bring misfortune to all those who see it at night.
Murkrow is said that when chased, it lures its attacker onto dark mountain trails where the foe will get lost.
It hides any shiny object it finds in a secret location. Murkrow and Meowth loot one another's stashes.
Murkrow was feared and loathed as the alleged bearer of ill fortune. This Pokémon shows strong interest in anything that sparkles or glitters. It will even try to steal rings from women.
Murkrow were feared as the alleged bearers of ill fortune. It shows strong interest in anything that sparkles. It will even try to steal rings from women.
It is believed that seeing Murkrow at night will bring about ominous occurrences.
Murkrow appears near travelers to lure them into deep forests. It is said to carry misfortune.
If spotted, Murkrow will lure an unwary person into chasing it, then lose the pursuer on mountain trails.
If spotted, Murkrow will lure an unwary person into chasing it then lose the pursuer on mountain trails.
They awaken at dusk and take wing in the twilight, leading to the expression, “Get home before the Murkrow fly.
Seen as a symbol of bad luck, Murkrow's generally disliked. Yet it gives presents— objects that sparkle or shine—to Trainers it's close to.
Murkrow has a weakness for shiny things. It's been known to sneak into the nests of Gabite—noted collectors of jewels—in search of treasure.
It searches for shiny things for its boss. Murkrow's presence is said to be unlucky, so many people detest it.

Slowking has incredible intellect and intuition. Whatever the situation, it remains calm and collected.
When Slowking's head was bitten, toxins entered Slowpoke's head and unlocked an extraordinary power.
Every time Slowking yawns, Shellder injects more poison into it. The poison makes it more intelligent.
Slowking undertakes research every day in an effort to solve the mysteries of the world. However, this Pokémon apparently forgets everything it has learned if the Shellder on its head comes off.
Slowking undertakes research every day to solve the mysteries of the world. However, it apparently forgets everything if the Shellder on its head comes off.
Being bitten by Shellder gave Slowking intelligence comparable to that of award-winning scientists.
A poisonous bite reacted with Slowking's system, blessing it with the enhanced intellect of a genius. It has full control of its psychic powers.
This Pokémon is so famed for its intellect that a proverb still persists in some regions: "When in doubt, ask Slowking.
Slowking's constantly coming up with new ideas that would change the world, but as soon as it hits upon a new idea, it forgets it.
Slowking's called “the sage of the sea.” It engages in battles of wits with Oranguru, but the result is usually a draw.

Misdreavus likes playing mischievous tricks such as screaming and wailing to startle people at night.
Misdreavus loves to bite and yank people's hair from behind without warning, just to see their shocked reactions.
Misdreavus loves to watch people it's scared. It frightens them by screaming loudly or appearing suddenly.
Misdreavus frightens people with a creepy, sobbing cry. The Pokémon apparently uses its red spheres to absorb the fearful feelings of foes and turn them into nutrition.
A Misdreavus frightens people with a creepy, sobbing cry. It apparently uses its red spheres to absorb the fear of foes as its nutrition.
Misdreavus loves to sneak up on people late at night, then startle them with its shrieklike cry.
Misdreavus gets nourishment from fear that it absorbs into its red orbs. In daytime, it sleeps in darkness.
A Pokémon that startles people in the middle of the night. Misdreavus gathers fear as its energy.
Misdreavus likes playing mischievous tricks, such as screaming and wailing to startle people at night.
Misdreavus will use any means necessary to frighten people and absorb their life energy. It practices constantly to hone its skill in causing fear.
If you hear a sobbing sound emanating from a vacant room, it's undoubtedly a bit of mischief from Misdreavus.
What gives meaning to Misdreavus's life is surprising others. If you set your ear against the red orbs around its neck, you can hear shrieking.
What makes Misdreavus happy is imitating the voices of weeping people and scaring everyone. It doesn't deal well with folks who aren't easily frightened.

Unown's shapes look like hieroglyphs on ancient tablets. It is said that the two are somehow related.
Unown's flat, thin body is always stuck on walls. Its shape appears to have some meaning.
Because different types of Unown exist, it is said that they must have a variety of abilities.
This Pokémon is shaped like ancient writing. It is a mystery as to which came first, the ancient writings or the various Unown. Research into this topic is ongoing but nothing is known.
This Pokémon is shaped like ancient text characters. Although research is ongoing, it is a mystery as to which came first, the ancient writings or the various Unown.
Shaped like ancient writing, it is a huge mystery whether language or Unown came first.
Unown seem to communicate among each other telepathically. They are always found stuck on walls.
When alone, nothing happens. However, if there are two or more, an odd power is said to emerge.
This Pokémon is shaped like ancient writing. It is a mystery as to which came first, the ancient writings or the various Unown. Research into this topic is ongoing but nothing is known.

Wobbuffet hates light and shock. If attacked, it inflates its body to pump up its counterstrike.
To keep Wobbuffet's pitch-black tail hidden, it lives quietly in the darkness. It is never first to attack.
In order to conceal Wobbuffet's black tail, it lives in a dark cave and only moves about at night.
If two or more Wobbuffet meet, they will turn competitive and try to outdo the other's endurance. However, they may try to see which one can endure the longest without food. Trainers need to beware of this habit.
Wobbuffet does nothing but endure attacks - it won't attack on its own. However, it won't endure an attack on its tail. When that happens, the Pokémon will try to take the foe with it using Destiny Bond.
Usually docile, a Wobbuffet strikes back ferociously if its black tail is attacked. It makes its lair in caves where it waits for nightfall.
Wobbuffet desperately tries to keep its black tail hidden. It is said to be proof the tail hides a secret.
Wobbuffet hates light and shock. If attacked, it inflates its body to build up its counterstrike.
If two or more Wobbuffet meet, they will turn competitive and try to outdo each other's endurance. However, they may try to see which one can endure the longest without food. Trainers need to beware of this habit.
Wobbuffet does nothing but endure attacks—it won't attack on its own. However, it won't endure an attack on its tail. When that happens, the Pokémon will try to take the foe with it using Destiny Bond.
To keep Wobbuffet's pitch-black tail hidden, it lives quietly in the darkness. It is never first to attack.

Girafarig's tail has a small brain of its own. Beware! If you get close, it may react to your scent and bite.
Girafarig's tail, which also contains a small brain, may bite on its own if it notices an alluring smell.
When Girafarig is in danger, its tail uses some sort of mysterious powers to drive away the enemy.
Girafarig's rear head also has a brain, but it is small. The rear head attacks in response to smells and sounds. Approaching this Pokémon from behind can cause the rear head to suddenly lash out and bite.
Girafarig's rear head contains a tiny brain that is too small for thinking. However, the rear head doesn't need to sleep, so it can keep watch over its surroundings 24 hours a day.
A Girafarig is an herbivore—it eats grass and tree shoots. While it is eating, its tail makes chewing and swallowing motions as if it were also eating.
Girafarig's tail also has a small brain. It bites to repel any foe trying to sneak up on it from behind.
While Girafarig sleeps, the head on its tail keeps watch. The tail doesn't need to sleep.
The head on Girafarig's tail contains a small brain. It can instinctively fight even while facing backward.
Girafarig's tail has a small brain of its own. Beware! If you get close, it may react to your scent by biting.
Girafarig's rear head contains a tiny brain that is too small for thinking. However, the rear head doesn't need to sleep, so it can keep watch over its surroundings 24 hours a day.

Pineco likes to make its shell thicker by adding layers of tree bark. The additional weight doesn't bother it.
Pineco hangs and waits for flying insect prey to come near. It does not move about much on its own.
Pineco spits out a fluid that it uses to glue tree bark to its body. The fluid hardens when it touches air.
Pineco hangs from a tree branch and patiently waits for prey to come along. If the Pokémon is disturbed while eating by someone shaking its tree, it drops down to the ground and explodes with no warning.
A Pineco hangs from a tree branch and waits for prey. While eating, if it is disturbed by someone shaking its tree, it falls on the ground and suddenly explodes.
Pineco looks just like a pinecone. Its shell protects it from bird Pokémon that peck it by mistake.
Pineco hangs from a tree branch and patiently waits for prey to come along. If the Pokémon is disturbed while eating by someone shaking its tree. it drops to the ground and explodes with no warning.
Motionless, Pineco hangs from trees, waiting for its bug Pokémon prey to come to it. Its favorite in Alola is Cutiefly.
It sticks tree bark to itself with its saliva, making itself thicker and larger. Elderly Pineco are ridiculously huge.

Forretress's entire body is shielded by a steel-hard shell. What lurks inside the armor is a total mystery.
Forretress remains immovably rooted to its tree. It scatters pieces of its hard shell to drive its enemies away.
Usually found hanging on to a fat tree trunk. Forretress shoots out bits of its shell when it sees action.
Forretress conceals itself inside its hardened steel shell. The shell is opened when the Pokémon is catching prey, but it does so at such a quick pace that the shell's inside cannot be seen.
Forretress keeps itself inside its steel shell. The shell is opened when it is catching prey, but it is so quick that the shell's inside cannot be seen.
Forretress is encased in a steel shell. Its peering eyes are all that can be seen of its mysterious innards.
When something approaches Forretress, it fires off fragments of its steel shell in attack. This is not a conscious action but a conditioned reflex.
In the moment that Forretress gulps down its prey, the inside of its shell is exposed, but to this day, no one has ever seen that sight.

When spotted, Dunsparce escapes backward by furiously boring into the ground with its tail.
If spotted, Dunsparce escapes by burrowing with its tail. It can float just slightly using its wings.
Dunsparce hides deep inside caves where no light ever reaches it and remains virtually motionless there.
Dunsparce has a drill for its tail. It uses this tail to burrow into the ground backwards. This Pokémon is known to make its nest in complex shapes deep under the ground.
Dunsparce's drill-tipped tail is used to burrow into the ground backwards. This Pokémon is known to make its nest in complex shapes deep under the ground.
Dunsparce digs into the ground with its tail and makes a mazelike nest. It can fly just a little.
Dunsparce creates mazes in dark locations. When spotted, it flees into the ground by digging with its tail.
Dunsparce has a drill for its tail. It uses this tail to burrow into the ground backward. This Pokémon is known to make its nest in complex shapes deep under the ground.
It travels by digging through the ground. Diglett and Dunsparce share one another's tunnels happily.
When Dunsparce sees a person, it digs a hole with its tail to make its escape. If you happen to find one, consider yourself lucky.

Gligar flies straight at its target's face then clamps down on the startled victim to inject poison.
Gligar usually clings to cliffs. When it spots its prey, it spreads its wings and glides down to attack.
Gligar builds its nest on a steep cliff. When it is done gliding, it hops along the ground back to its nest.
Gligar glides through the air without a sound as if it were sliding. This Pokémon hangs on to the face of its foe using its clawed hind legs and the large pincers on its forelegs, then injects the prey with its poison barb.
Gligar glides without making a single sound. It grasps the face of its foe using its hind and large front claws, then stabs with its poison barb.
Gligar sails on the winds with its limbs extended to strike from the sky. It aims for the prey's face.
Gligar glides as if sliding. It startles foes by clamping on their faces, then jabs with its poison stinger.
Gligar clamps on to its chosen prey then jabs the stinger on its tail into the prey while it's stunned with surprise.
Gligar glides through the air without a sound as if it were sliding. This Pokémon hangs on to the face of its foe using its clawed hind legs and the large pincers on its forelegs, then injects the prey with its poison barb.

Steelix's body has been compressed deep under the ground. As a result, it is even harder than a diamond.
Steelix is said that if an Onix lives for over 100 years, its composition changes to become diamond-like.
The many small metal particles that cover Steelix's body reflect bright light well.
Steelix lives even further underground than Onix. This Pokémon is known to dig towards the earth's core. There are records of this Pokémon reaching a depth of over six-tenths of a mile underground.
Steelix live even further underground than Onix. This Pokémon is known to dig toward the earth's core, reaching a depth of over six-tenths of a mile underground.
Tempered underground under high pressure and heat, Steelix's body is harder than any metal.
Steelix chews its way through boulders with its sturdy jaws. Its eyes can see in the dark underground.
Steelix is thought its body transformed as a result of iron accumulating internally from swallowing soil.
It is said that if an Onix lives for 100 years, its composition becomes diamondlike as it evolves into a Steelix.
The iron Steelix ingested with the soil it swallowed transformed its body and made it harder than diamonds.
Steelix chews its way through boulders with its sturdy jaws. Its eyes can see in the darkness underground.
Steelix lives even further underground than Onix. This Pokémon is known to dig toward the earth's core. There are records of this Pokémon reaching a depth of over six-tenths of a mile underground.
Steelix is thought its body transformed as a result of iron accumulating internally from swallowing soil.

Although Snubbull looks frightening, it is actually kind and affectionate. It is very popular among women.
Snubbull has an active, playful nature. Many women like to frolic with it because of its affectionate ways.
In truth, Snubbull is a cowardly Pokémon. It growls eagerly in order to hide its fear from its opponent.
By baring its fangs and making scary face, Snubbull sends smaller Pokémon scurrying away in terror. However, this Pokémon seems a little sad at making its foes flee.
By baring its fangs and making a scary face, it sends smaller Pokémon scurrying in terror. The Snubbull does seem a little sad at making its foes flee.
Small Pokémon flee from Snubbull's scary face. It is, however, considered by women to be cute.
By baring its fangs and making a scary face, Snubbull sends smaller Pokémon scurrying away in terror. However, this Pokémon seems a little sad at making its foes flee.
Despite Snubbull's intimidating face, it's quite cowardly. Its desperate attempts to appear threatening make it popular with people.
Snubbull's growls make its opponents uneasy. This laid-back Pokémon tends to sleep half the day.
Snubbull grows close to others easily and is also easily spoiled. The disparity between its face and its actions makes many young people wild about it.
In contrast to Snubbull's appearance, it's quite timid. When playing with other puppy Pokémon, it sometimes gets bullied.

Granbull is actually timid and easily spooked. If attacked, it flails about to fend off its attacker.
Because Granbull's fangs are too heavy, it always keeps its head tilted down. However, its Bite is powerful.
Granbull can make most any Pokémon run away simply by opening its mouth wide to reveal its big fangs.
Granbull has a particularly well- developed lower jaw. The enormous fangs are heavy, causing the Pokémon to tip its head back for balance. Unless it is startled, it will not try to bite indiscriminately.
Granbull has a particularly well-developed lower jaw. The huge fangs are heavy, causing it to tilt its head. Unless it is startled, it will not try to bite.
Because Granbull's fangs are too heavy, it always keeps its head tilted down. However, its bite is powerful.
Granbull is timid in spite of its looks. If it becomes enraged, however, it will strike with its huge fangs.
Granbull has a particularly well-developed lower jaw. The enormous fangs are heavy, causing the Pokémon to tip its head back for balance. Unless it is startled, it will not try to bite indiscriminately.
Granbull's well-developed lower jaw and heavy fangs are its weapons. As long as it's not provoked, it rarely bites.
More timid than Snubbull, Granbull is doted on by young people amused at the contrast between its looks and its attitude.
While Granbull has powerful jaws, it doesn't care for disputes, so it rarely has a chance to display their might.
Although it's popular with young people, Granbull is timid and sensitive, so it's totally incompetent as a watchdog.

To fire Qwilfish's poison spikes, it must inflate its body by drinking over 2.6 gallons of water all at once.
The small spikes covering Qwilfish's body developed from scales. They inject a toxin that causes fainting.
When faced with a larger opponent, Qwilfish swallows as much water as it can to match the opponent's size.
Qwilfish sucks in water, inflating itself. This Pokémon uses the pressure of the water it swallowed to shoot toxic quills all at once from all over its body. It finds swimming somewhat challenging.
A Qwilfish uses the pressure of water it swallows to shoot toxic quills all at once from all over its body. It finds swimming to be somewhat challenging.
Qwilfish shoots the poison spines on its body in all directions. Its round form makes it a poor swimmer.
To fire Qwilfish's poison spikes, it must inflate its body by drinking over 2.6 gallons of water at once.
The small spikes covering Qwilfish's body developed from scales. They inject a toxin that causes fainting.

Scizor swings its eye-patterned pincers up to scare its foes. This makes it look like it has three heads.
Scizor's wings are not used for flying. They are flapped at high speed to adjust its body temperature.
Scizor's pincers, which contain steel, can crush any hard object it gets a hold of into bits.
Scizor has a body with the hardness of steel. It is not easily fazed by ordinary sorts of attacks. This Pokémon flaps its wings to regulate its body temperature.
A Scizor has a body with the hardness of steel. It is not easily fazed by ordinary sorts of attacks. It flaps its wings to regulate its body temperature.
Scizor has a steel-hard body. It intimidates foes by upraising its eye-patterned pincers.
Scizor raises its pincers with eyelike markings for intimidation. It also swings them down dangerously.
Scizor uses its wings to adjust its body temperature. Otherwise, its metal body would become too hot and melt in the heat of battle.
Once it has identified an enemy, Scizor smashes it mercilessly with pincers hard as steel.
Scizor's body is like steel. Its tough, heavy pincers are more suited to smashing enemies than grabbing them.
Once Scizor has identified something as an enemy, it will continue beating them with its steel-hard pincers until there's nothing left but scraps.
The excess energy that bathes Scizor keeps it in constant danger of overflow. It can't sustain a battle over long periods of time.
Due to the effects of Mega Evolution, Scizor's pincers have taken on a more diabolical form, ripping anything they pinch to shreds.
Scizor stores the excess energy from Mega Evolution, so after a long time passes, its body starts to melt.
Scizor's better at beating things than grasping them. When it battles for a long time, the weight of its pincers becomes too much to bear.

The Berries Shuckle stores in its vase-like shell decompose and become a gooey liquid.
Shuckle stores Berries inside its shell. To avoid attacks, it hides beneath rocks and remains completely still.
The fluid secreted by Shuckle's toes carves holes in rocks for nesting and can be mixed with Berries to make a drink.
Shuckle quietly hides itself under rocks, keeping its body concealed inside its hard shell while eating berries it has stored away. The berries mix with its body fluids to become a juice.
A Shuckle hides under rocks, keeping its body concealed inside its shell while eating stored berries. The berries mix with its body fluids to become a juice.
Shuckle stores berries in its shell. The berries eventually ferment to become delicious juices.
The berries stored in Shuckle's vaselike shell eventually become a thick, pulpy juice.
The berries stored in Shuckle's jar-like shell eventually become a thick, pulpy juice.
Shuckle stores berries inside its shell. To avoid attacks, it hides beneath rocks and remains completely still.
The berries stored in Shuckle's vaselike shell eventually become a thick, pulpy juice.

Heracross thrusts its prized horn under its enemies' bellies then lifts and throws them.
Usually docile, but if disturbed while sipping honey, Heracross chases off the intruder with its horn.
With Heracross's Herculean powers, it can easily throw around an object that is 100 times its own weight.
Heracross thrusts its prized horn under the enemies' bellies then lifts and throws them.
Heracross charges in a straight line at its foe, slips beneath the foe's grasp, and then scoops up and hurls the opponent with its mighty horn. This Pokémon even has enough power to topple a massive tree.
Heracross has sharp claws on its feet. These are planted firmly into the ground or the bark of a tree, giving the Pokémon a secure and solid footing to forcefully fling away foes with its proud horn.
Heracross gather in forests seeking the sweet sap of trees. It is completely clad in a steel-hard shell. It is proud of its horn, which it uses to fling foes.
Heracross thrusts its prized horn under its enemies' bellies, then lifts and throws them.
Heracross gathers in forests to search for tree sap, its favorite food. It's strong enough to hurl foes.
With powerful legs and claws, Heracross generates enough power to hurl foes over great distances.
Heracross loves sweet honey. To keep all the honey to itself, it hurls rivals away with its prized horn.
Heracross is usually docile, but if it is disturbed while sipping honey, it chases off the intruder with its horn.
No matter how heavy Heracross's opponents, it flings them far away with its prized horn.
Heracross's proud of its thick horn. In Alola, its biggest rival is Vikavolt, which it's always fighting with.
Heracross roams through forests searching for sweet nectar. Although it boasts fantastic physical strength, it's not that good at flying.
Heracross can grip things with its two horns and lift 500 times its own body weight.
A tremendous influx of energy builds it up, but when Mega Evolution ends, Heracross is bothered by terrible soreness in its muscles.

Sneasel's paws conceal sharp claws. If attacked, it suddenly extends the claws and startles its enemy.
Vicious in nature, Sneasel drives Pidgey from their nests and feasts on the eggs that are left behind.
Sneasel hides in the cover of darkness, waiting to attack its prey.
Sneasel scales trees by punching its hooked claws into the bark. This Pokémon seeks out unguarded nests and steals eggs for food while the parents are away.
A Sneasel scales trees by punching its hooked claws into the bark. It seeks out unguarded nests and steals eggs for food while the parents are away.
Vicious in nature, Sneasel drives Pidgey from their nests and feasts on the Eggs that are left behind.
Sneasel feeds on Eggs stolen from nests. Its sharply hooked claws rip vulnerable spots on prey.
Sneasel is extremely vicious and will not stop attacking until its foe is incapable of moving.
A smart and sneaky Pokémon. A pair may work together to steal Eggs by having one lure the parents away.
Vicious in nature, Sneasel drives Pidgey from their nests and scavenges any leftovers it can find.
A smart and sneaky Pokémon, Sneasel makes its opponents flinch by suddenly showing the claws hidden in its paws.
Sneasel feeds on eggs stolen from nests. Its sharply hooked claws rip vulnerable spots on prey.
Sneasel has a cunning yet savage disposition. It waits for parents to leave their nests, and then it sneaks in to steal their eggs.
Sneasel uses its claws to poke holes in eggs so it can slurp out the insides. Breeders consider it a scourge and will drive it away or eradicate it.
Sneasel will cooperate to steal eggs from the nests of bird Pokémon, but fights break out to determine which one gets to eat the eggs.
It blends into the dark of night to ambush its prey. Sneasel will attack Sandshrew, but its hard skin can cause Sneasel's claws to snap off.
Sneasel has a cunning yet savage disposition. It waits for parents to leave their nests, and then it sneaks in to steal their eggs.

If Teddiursa finds honey, its crescent mark glows. It always licks its paws because they are soaked with honey.
Before food becomes scarce in wintertime, Teddiursa's habit is to hoard food in many hidden locations.
Teddiursa always licks honey. Its palm tastes sweet because of all the honey it has absorbed.
This Pokémon likes to lick its palms that are sweetened by being soaked in honey. Teddiursa concocts its own honey by blending fruits and pollen collected by Beedrill.
It licks its palms that are sweetened by being soaked in honey. A Teddiursa makes its own honey by blending fruits and pollen collected by Beedrill.
Teddiursa lets honey soak into its paws so it can lick them all the time. Every set of paws tastes unique.
This Pokémon likes to lick its palms that are sweetened by being soaked in honey. Teddiursa concocts its own honey by blending fruits and pollen collected by Beedrill.

Although Ursaring is a good climber, it prefers to snap trees with its forelegs and eat fallen Berries.
With Ursaring's ability to distinguish any aroma, it unfailingly finds all food buried deep underground.
Although Ursaring has a large body, it is quite skilled at climbing trees. It eats and sleeps in the treetops.
In the forests inhabited by Ursaring, it is said that there are many streams and towering trees where they gather food. This Pokémon walks through its forest gathering food every day.
In forests, it is said that there are many streams and towering trees where an Ursaring gathers food. It walks through its forest collecting food every day.
With Ursaring's ability to distinguish any smell, it unfailingly finds all food buried deep underground.
Although Ursaring is a good climber, it prefers to snap stout trees with its forelegs and eat fallen Berries.
In Ursaring's territory, it leaves scratches on trees that bear delicious berries or fruits.
In the forests inhabited by Ursaring, it is said that there are many streams and towering trees where they gather food. This Pokémon walks through its forest gathering food every day.

Slugma never sleeps. It has to keep moving because if it stopped, its magma body would cool and harden.
A common sight in volcanic areas , Slugma slowly slithers around in a constant search for warm places.
These group together in areas that are hotter than normal. If Slugma cools off, its skin hardens.
Molten magma courses throughout Slugma's circulatory system. If this Pokémon is chilled, the magma cools and hardens. Its body turns brittle and chunks fall off, reducing its size.
Slugma does not have any blood in its body. Instead, intensely hot magma circulates throughout this Pokémon's body, carrying essential nutrients and oxygen to its organs.
Slugma is a species of Pokémon that lives in volcanic areas. If its body cools, its skin hardens and immobilizes it. To avoid that, it sleeps near magma.
Slugma's body is made of magma. If it doesn't keep moving, its body will cool and harden.
Slugma does not have any blood in its body. Instead, intensely hot magma circulates throughout this Pokémon's body, carrying essential nutrients and oxygen to its organs.

The shell on Magcargo's back is just skin that has cooled and hardened. It breaks easily with a slight touch.
Magcargo's brittle shell occasionally spouts intense flames that circulate throughout its body.
Magcargo's body is as hot as lava and is always billowing. Flames will occasionally burst from its shell.
Magcargo's shell is actually its skin that hardened as a result of cooling. Its shell is very brittle and fragile - just touching it causes it to crumble apart. This Pokémon returns to its original size by dipping itself in magma.
Magcargo's body temperature is approximately 18,000 degrees F. Water is vaporized on contact. If this Pokémon is caught in the rain, the raindrops instantly turn into steam, cloaking the area in a thick fog.
The shell on its back is made of hardened magma. Tens of thousands of years spent living in volcanic craters have turned Magcargo's bodies into magma.
Magcargo's body temperature is roughly 18,000 degrees F. Flames spout from gaps in its hardened shell.
Magcargo's body temperature is approximately 18,000 degrees Fahrenheit. Water is vaporized on contact. If this Pokémon is caught in the rain, the raindrops instantly turn into steam, cloaking the area in a thick fog.

Swinub rubs its snout on the ground to find and dig up food. It sometimes discovers hot springs.
If Swinub smells something enticing, it dashes headlong off to find the source of the aroma.
Swinub uses the tip of its nose to dig for food. Its nose is so tough that even frozen ground poses no problem.
Swinub roots for food by rubbing its snout against the ground. Its favorite food is a mushroom that grows under the cover of dead grass. This Pokémon occasionally roots out hot springs.
Swinub roots for food by rubbing its snout against the ground. Its favorite food is a mushroom that grows under dried grass. It occasionally roots out hot springs.
Swinub loves eating mushrooms that grow under dead grass. It also finds hot springs while foraging.
Swinub has a very sensitive nose. It can locate mushrooms, berries, and even hot springs buried under ice.
Rooting the tip of Swinub's snout into the ground, it searches for food. Sometimes it even digs up a hot spring.
If Swinub smells something enticing, it dashes off headlong to find the source of the aroma.
If Swinub smells something enticing, it dashes off headlong to find the source of the aroma.

Because the long hair all over Piloswine's body obscures its sight, it just keeps charging repeatedly.
If Piloswine charges at an enemy, the hairs on its back stand up straight. It is very sensitive to sound.
Although Piloswine's legs are short, its rugged hooves prevent it from slipping, even on icy ground.
Piloswine is covered by a thick coat of long hair that enables it to endure the freezing cold. This Pokémon uses its tusks to dig up food that has been buried under ice.
A Piloswine is covered by a thick coat of long hair for enduring freezing cold. It uses its tusks to dig up food that has been buried under ice.
Piloswine's shaggy coat makes it unable to see. It checks surroundings with its sensitive nose instead.
Covered by a shaggy coat, Piloswine is strong against the cold. Its tusks of ice thicken when it snows.
With Piloswine's excellent sense of smell, it's even able to find mushrooms that are buried under frozen ground.
Although Piloswine's legs are short, its rugged hooves prevent it from slipping, even on icy ground.

Corsola continuously sheds and grows. The tip of its head is prized as a treasure for its beauty.
In a south sea nation, the people live in communities that are built on groups of these Pokémon.
The points on Corsola's head absorb nutrients from clear water. They cannot survive in polluted water.
Corsola's branches glitter very beautifully in seven colors when they catch sunlight. If any branch breaks off, this Pokémon grows it back in just one night.
Clusters of Corsola congregate in warm seas where they serve as ideal hiding places for smaller Pokémon. When the water temperature falls, this Pokémon migrates to the southern seas.
Corsola live in warm southern seas. If the sea becomes polluted, the beautiful coral stalks become discolored and crumble away in tatters.
Many live in the clean seas of the south. Corsola apparently can't live in polluted waters.
In a south-sea nation, the people live in communities that are built on groups of these Pokémon.
Corsola prefer unpolluted southern seas. Their coral branches lose their color and deteriorate in dirty water.
Corsola continuously sheds and grows. The tip of its head is prized as a treasure because of its beauty.
Coral branches grow from Corsola's head. They break off quite easily, but they grow back in about three days.
Pursued by Mareanie for the branches on its head, Corsola will sometimes snap its own branches off as a diversion while it escapes.
The pink of Corsola that live in Alola is deep and vibrant, thanks to seas filled with nutrition.
In Alola, where their natural enemies Mareanie are plentiful, many Corsola have stubby branches on their heads.
It will regrow any branches that break off its head. People keep particularly beautiful Corsola branches as charms to promote safe childbirth.
These Pokémon live in warm seas. In prehistoric times, many lived in the oceans around the Galar region as well.
Watch your step when wandering areas oceans once covered. What looks like a stone could be Corsola, and it will curse you if you kick it.
Sudden climate change wiped out this ancient kind of Corsola. This Pokémon absorbs others' life-force through its branches.

Remoraid has superb accuracy. The water it shoots out can strike even moving prey from more than 300 feet.
Using Remoraid's dorsal fin as a suction pad, it clings to a Mantine's underside to scavenge for leftovers.
To escape from an attacker, Remoraid may shoot water out of its mouth, then use that force to swim backward.
Remoraid sucks in water, then expels it at high velocity using its abdominal muscles to shoot down flying prey. When evolution draws near, this Pokémon travels downstream from rivers.
A Remoraid uses its abdominal muscles to forcefully expel swallowed water, then shoot down flying prey. When evolution approaches, it travels down rivers.
Remoraid squirts water forcefully from its mouth to shoot down flying prey.
Remoraid clings to Mantine to feed on the big Pokémon's scraps. This is an adaptation to avoid foes.
It forcefully squirts water. The water jet never misses prey even if the Remoraid is deep in the sea.
The water Remoraid shoot from their mouths can hit moving prey from more than 300 feet away.
Remoraid clings to Mantine and shares in its prosperity.
Also known as the "sniper of the seas," Remoraid's water gun can hit prey without fail from over 300 feet away.
Using Remoraid's dorsal fin as a suction pad, it clings to a Mantine's underside to scavenge for leftovers.

Octillery traps enemies with its suction-cupped tentacles then smashes them with its rock-hard head.
It instinctively sneaks into rocky holes. If it gets sleepy, it steals the nest of a fellow Octillery.
Octillery's instinct is to bury itself in holes. It often steals the nesting holes of others to sleep in them.
Octillery traps enemies with its suction-cupped tentacles, then smashes them with its rock-hard head.
Octillery grabs onto its foe using its tentacles. This Pokémon tries to immobilize it before delivering the finishing blow. If the foe turns out to be too strong, Octillery spews ink to escape.
Octillery ensnares its foe with its suction-cupped tentacles before delivering the finishing blow. If the foe turns out to be too strong, it spews ink to escape.
Octillery lives in the gaps of boulders and in holes on the seafloor. Its suction cups grip prey tightly.
Octillery obscures its foe's vision by spitting a cloud of murky ink. It makes its nest among boulders.
Octillery loves to lurk inside holes in rocks. It sometimes sprays ink on prey by sticking out only its mouth.
Octillery has a tendency to want to be in holes. It prefers rock crags or pots and sprays ink from them before attacking.
Octillery traps foes with the suction cups on its tentacles, then smashes them with its rock-hard head.
The ink Octillery spits when escaping is special. It contains a substance that dulls the sense of smell, so Pokémon with keen noses get lost.
It usually sleeps in caves. The pitch-black ink that Octillery spits is also used for cooking.
Octillery traps enemies with its suction-cupped tentacles, then smashes them with its rock-hard head.

Delibird carries food all day long. There are tales about lost people who were saved by the food it had.
Delibird nests at the edge of sharp cliffs. It spends all day carrying food to its awaiting chicks.
Delibird always carries its food with it, wherever it goes. If attacked, it throws its food at the opponent.
Delibird carries its food bundled up in its tail. There once was a famous explorer who managed to reach the peak of Mt. Everest thanks to one of these Pokémon sharing its food.
It carries food bundled up in its tail. There was a famous explorer who managed to scale Mt. Everest thanks to a Delibird sharing its food.
Delibird carries food rolled up in its tail. It has the habit of sharing food with people lost in mountains.
Delibird carries food all day long. When someone is lost in the mountains, it shares that food.
Delibird carries its food bundled up in its tail. There once was a famous explorer who managed to reach the peak of the world's highest mountain, thanks to one of these Pokémon sharing its food.
Although it naturally prefers colder locales, Delibird in Alola seem able to withstand the heat to a certain extent.
Delibird has a generous habit of sharing its food with people and Pokémon, so it's always scrounging around for more food.
It shares its food with people who are stranded. Because Delibird is omnivorous, sometimes it gives those people bug Pokémon.
Delibird wraps food in its tail to carry it around.
Delibird has a generous habit of sharing its food with people and Pokémon, so it's always scrounging around for more food.

As Mantine majestically swims, it doesn't care if Remoraid attach to it for scavenging its leftovers.
Swimming freely in open seas, Mantine may fly out of the water and over the waves if it builds up enough speed.
Mantine swims along freely, eating things that swim into its mouth. Its whole body is very coarse.
On sunny days, schools of Mantine can be seen elegantly leaping over the sea's waves. This Pokémon is not bothered by the Remoraid that hitches rides.
On sunny days, schools of Mantine can be seen elegantly leaping over the waves. It is not bothered by the Remoraid that hitches rides.
When the waves are calm, one may encounter a swarm of Mantine swimming as if they are in flight.
Mantine swims elegantly, mindless of Remoraid hitching on to its broad fins. It has a docile nature.
While elegantly swimming in the sea, Mantine ignores Remoraid that cling to its fins seeking food scraps.
If Mantine builds up enough speed swimming, it can fly over 300 feet out of the water from the surface of the ocean.
Postcards and posters featuring Mantine leaping elegantly above the waves are popular souvenirs of Alola.
Many people have taken up surfing because they admire how magnificently Mantine swims.
If Mantine builds up enough speed swimming, it can jump out above the waves and glide for over 300 feet.
As Mantine majestically swims, it doesn't care if Remoraid attach to it to scavenge for its leftovers.

Skarmory's sturdy wings look heavy, but they are actually hollow and light, allowing it to fly freely in the sky.
After nesting in bramble bushes, the wings of Skarmory's chicks grow hard from scratches by thorns.
The feathers that Skarmory sheds are very sharp. It is said that people once used the feathers as swords.
Skarmory is entirely encased in hard, protective armor. This Pokémon flies at close to 190 mph. It slashes foes with its wings that possess swordlike cutting edges.
Skarmory's steel wings become tattered and bashed in from repeated battles. Once a year, the battered wings grow back completely, restoring the cutting edges to their pristine state.
A Pokémon that has a body and wings of steel. People in the past used feathers fallen from Skarmory to make swords and knives.
Skarmory's sturdy wings look heavy, but its bones are hollow and light, allowing it to fly freely in the sky.
Despite being clad entirely in iron-hard armor, Skarmory flies at speed of over 180 mph.
Skarmory's heavy-looking iron body is actually thin and light, so it can fly at speeds over 180 mph.
Skarmory's feathers, which fall off as it grows, are thin and sharp. In times long past, warriors used them as swords.
Skarmory's metal body is sturdy, but it does rust rather easily. So on rainy days, this Pokémon prefers to stay put in its nest.
The wing feathers Skarmory sheds can be processed and made into knives whose sharpness is recognized by the finest chefs.
Skarmory's body is draped in steel armor.

Houndour uses different kinds of cries for communicating with others of its kind and for pursuing its prey.
To corner prey, Houndour check each other's location using barks that only they can understand.
Around dawn, Houndour's ominous howl echoes through the area to announce that this is its territory.
Houndour hunt as a coordinated pack. They communicate with each other using a variety of cries to corner their prey. This Pokémon's remarkable teamwork is unparalleled.
Houndour communicate with each other using a variety of cries to corner their prey. This Pokémon's remarkable teamwork is simply unparalleled.
Houndour conveys its feelings using different cries. It works in a pack to cleverly take down prey.
Houndour is smart enough to hunt in packs. It uses a variety of cries for communicating with others.
Houndour cooperates with others skillfully. When it becomes your partner, it's very loyal to you as its Trainer and will obey your orders.
Houndour make repeated eerie howls before dawn to call attention to their pack.

If you are burned by the flames Houndoom shoots from its mouth, the pain will never go away.
Upon hearing Houndoom's eerie howls, other Pokémon get the shivers and head straight back to their nests.
The pungent-smelling flame that shoots from Houndoom's mouth results from toxins burning in its body.
In a Houndoom pack, the one with its horns raked sharply towards the back serves a leadership role. These Pokémon choose their leader by fighting amongst themselves.
In a Houndoom pack, the one with its horns raked sharply back serves a leadership role. They choose their leader by fighting among themselves.
Long ago, people imagined Houndoom's eerie howls to be the call of the grim reaper.
The flames Houndoom breathes when angry contain toxins. If they cause a burn, it will hurt forever.
In a Houndoom pack, the one with its horns raked sharply toward the back serves a leadership role. These Pokémon choose their leader by fighting among themselves.
Houndoom spew flames mixed with poison to finish off their opponents. They divvy up their prey evenly among the members of their pack.
Identifiable by Houndoom's eerie howls, people a long time ago thought it was the grim reaper and feared it.
Its red claws and the tips of its tail are melting from high internal temperatures that are painful to Houndoom itself.
Houndoom's entire body generates heat when it Mega Evolves. Its fearsome fiery breath turns its opponents to ash.

Kingdra is said that it usually hides in underwater caves. It can create whirlpools by yawning.
Kingdra sleeps deep on the ocean floor to build its energy. It is said to cause tornadoes as it wakes.
Kingdra stores energy by sleeping at underwater depths at which no other life forms can survive.
Kingdra lives at extreme ocean depths that are otherwise uninhabited. It has long been believed that the yawning of this Pokémon creates spiraling ocean currents.
Kingdra sleeps on the seafloor where it is otherwise devoid of life. When a storm arrives, the Pokémon is said to awaken and wander about in search of prey.
Kingdra sleeps quietly, deep on the seafloor. When it comes up to the surface, it creates a huge whirlpool that can swallow even ships.
Kingdra lives in caves on the seafloor and creates giant whirlpools every time it moves.
Kingdra sleeps on the seafloor where it is otherwise devoid of life. When a storm arrives, the Pokémon is said to awaken and wander about in search of prey.

Phanpy swings its long snout around playfully, but because it is so strong, that can be dangerous.
As a sign of affection, Phanpy bumps with its snout. However, it is so strong, it may send you flying.
During the deserted morning hours, Phanpy comes ashore where it deftly uses its trunk to take a shower.
For its nest, Phanpy digs a vertical pit in the ground at the edge of a river. It marks the area around its nest with its trunk to let the others know that the area has been claimed.
Phanpy uses its long nose to shower itself. When others gather around, they thoroughly douse each other with water. These Pokémon can be seen drying their soaking-wet bodies at the edge of water.
Phanpy's big ears serve as broad fans. When it becomes hot, it flaps the ears busily to cool down. Even the young are very strong.
Phanpy swings its long snout around playfully, but because it is so strong, this can be dangerous.
Phanpy is strong despite its compact size. It can easily pick up and carry an adult human on its back.
Phanpy uses its long nose to shower itself. When others gather around, they thoroughly douse each other with water. These Pokémon can be seen drying their soaking-wet bodies at the edge of water.

Donphan has sharp, hard tusks and a rugged hide. Its Tackle is strong enough to knock down a house.
The longer and bigger Donphan's tusks, the higher its rank in its herd. The tusks take long to grow.
Because Donphan's skin is so tough, a normal attack won't even leave a scratch on it.
Donphan's favorite attack is curling its body into a ball, then charging at its foe while rolling at high speed. Once it starts rolling, this Pokémon can't stop very easily.
If Donphan were to tackle with its hard body, even a house could be destroyed. Using its massive strength, the Pokémon helps clear rock and mud slides that block mountain trails.
A Donphan is so strong it can easily haul a dump truck. Its hide has toughened to a rock-hard state. An ordinary sort of attack won't even leave a scratch.
Donphan attacks by curling up, then rolling into its foe. It can blow apart a house in one hit.
Donphan attacks by curling up then rolling into its foe. It can blow apart a house in one hit.
If Donphan were to tackle with its hard body, even a house could be destroyed. Using its massive strength, the Pokémon helps clear rock and mud slides that block mountain trails.

This upgraded version of Porygon is designed for space exploration. It can't fly, though.
Further research enhanced Porygon2's abilities. Sometimes, it may exhibit motions that were not programmed.
Porygon2 evolved from the latest technology. It may have unprogrammed reactions.
Porygon2 was created by humans using the power of science. The man-made Pokémon has been endowed with artificial intelligence that enables it to learn new gestures and emotions on its own.
Porygon2 was created by humans using the power of science. It has been given artificial intelligence that enables it to learn new gestures and emotions on its own.
This upgraded version of Porygon is designed for space exploration. However, it can't even fly.
With planetary development software installed, Porygon2 became capable of working in space.
Porygon2 was upgraded to enable the exploration of other planets. However, it failed to measure up.
For the purposes of planetary development, Porygon was updated with the most cutting-edge technology available.
Porygon was updated to a new version in readiness for planetary development. But that dream remains unrealized as yet.
AI has been installed in Porygon2. It learns various things all on its own, but it even remembers things it doesn't need to know.
Even though Porygon2 doesn't die in the vacuum of space, it can't move around very well in zero gravity.

The curved antlers subtly change the flow of air to create a strange space where reality is distorted.
Those who stare at Stantler's antlers will gradually lose control of their senses and be unable to stand.
The round balls found on the fallen antlers can be ground into a powder that aids in sleeping.
Stantler's magnificent antlers were traded at high prices as works of art. As a result, this Pokémon was hunted close to extinction by those who were after the priceless antlers.
Stantler's magnificent antlers were once traded at high prices as works of art. As a result, this Pokémon was hunted close to extinction.
Staring at Stantler's antlers creates an odd sensation as if one were being drawn into their centers.
Stantler's magnificent antlers were traded at high prices as works of art. As a result, this Pokémon was hunted close to extinction by those who were after the priceless antlers.

A special fluid oozes from the tip of Smeargle's tail. It paints the fluid everywhere to mark its territory.
Once Smeargle becomes an adult, it has a tendency to let its comrades plant footprints on its back.
The color of the mysterious fluid secreted from its tail is predetermined for each Smeargle.
Smeargle marks the boundaries of its territory using a body fluid that leaks out from the tip of its tail. Over 5,000 different marks left by this Pokémon have been found.
A Smeargle marks its territory using a fluid that leaks out from the tip of its tail. About 5,000 different marks left by this Pokémon have been found.
Smeargle marks its territory by using its tail like a paintbrush. There are more than 5,000 different marks.
The unique creations produced by each Smeargle are painted using the fluid that oozes from its tail. This is how it marks its territory.
It draws symbols all over the place to mark its territory. In towns with many Smeargle, the walls are covered in graffiti.
The fluid of Smeargle's tail secretions changes in the intensity of its hue as the Pokémon's emotions change.
It draws symbols with the fluid that oozes from the tip of its tail. Depending on the symbol, Smeargle fanatics will pay big money for them.

Tyrogue is always bursting with energy. To make itself stronger, it keeps on fighting even if it loses.
Even though Tyrogue is small, it can't be ignored because it will slug any handy target without warning.
To brush up on Tyrogue's fighting skills, it will challenge anyone. It has a very strong competitive spirit.
Tyrogue becomes stressed out if it does not get to train every day. When raising this Pokémon, the Trainer must establish and uphold various training methods.
Tyrogue become stressed out if they do not get to train every day. When raising this Pokémon, the Trainer must establish a regular training schedule.
Tyrogue is famous for its eagerness to fight and always nurses injuries from challenging larger foes.
Even though Tyrogue is small, it can't be ignored because it will slug any handy target without warning.

If you become enchanted by Hitmontop's smooth, elegant, dance-like kicks, you may get drilled hard.
Hitmontop launches kicks while spinning. If it spins at high speed, it may bore its way into the ground.
After doing a handstand to throw off the opponent's timing, Hitmontop presents its fancy kick moves.
Hitmontop spins on its head at high speeds, all the while delivering kicks. This technique is a remarkable mix of both offense and defense at the same time. The Pokémon travels faster spinning than it does walking.
Its technique of kicking while spinning is a remarkable mix of both offense and defense. Hitmontop travel faster spinning than they do walking.
Hitmontop fights while spinning like a top. The centrifugal force boosts its destructive power by ten.
Hitmontop fights while spinning like a top. The centrifugal force boosts its destructive power by 10.
If you are enchanted by Hitmontop's smooth, dance-like kicks, you may get a closer experience with one than you'd like.
Hitmontop spins on its head at high speed, all the while delivering kicks. This technique is a remarkable mix of both offense and defense at the same time. The Pokémon travels faster spinning than it does walking.
After doing a handstand to throw off the opponent's timing, Hitmontop presents its fancy kick moves.

Smoochum's lips are the most sensitive parts on its body. It always uses its lips first to examine things.
Smoochum always rocks its head slowly backwards and forwards as if it is trying to kiss someone.
The sensitivity of Smoochum's lips develops most quickly. It uses them to try to identify unknown objects.
Smoochum actively runs about, but also falls quite often. Whenever the chance arrives, it will look for its reflection to make sure its face hasn't become dirty.
Smoochum actively runs about, but also falls often. Whenever it falls, it will check its reflection on a lake's surface to make sure its face hasn't become dirty.
Smoochum tests everything by touching with its lips, which remember what it likes and dislikes.
When Smoochum examines things, before touching them with its hands, it makes lip contact and then diligently licks all the dirt off its lips.
Highly perceptive sensors, Smoochum's lips are kept moist by its daily application of tree sap.

Elekid rotates its arms to generate electricity, but it tires easily, so it charges up only a little bit.
Even in the most vicious storm, Elekid plays happily if thunder rumbles in the sky.
Elekid loves violent thunder. The space between its horns flickers bluish-white when it is charging energy.
Elekid stores electricity in its body. If it touches metal and accidentally discharges all its built-up electricity, this Pokémon begins swinging its arms in circles to recharge itself.
If it touches metal and discharges the electricity it has stored in its body, an Elekid begins swinging its arms in circles to recharge itself.
Elekid generates electricity by whirling its arms. However, it can't store the energy it makes.
A weak electric current flows between Elekid's horns. Sticking a hand there shocks the unwary.
Spinning Elekid's arms around to generate electricity makes the area between its horns shine light blue.
When Elekid's in a house, electrical outlets serve as its baby bottles. It sucks down electricity.
Elekid is constantly fighting with Togedemaru that try to steal its electricity. It's a pretty even match.
When it hears the crash of thunder, Elekid's mood improves. It can be useful to record that sound and play it when Elekid's feeling down.
When Elekid's horns shine a bluish white, that's the sign it's fully charged.

Each and every time Magby inhales and exhales, hot embers dribble out of its mouth and nostrils.
Magby is found in volcanic craters. Its body temp. is over 1100 degrees, so don't under-estimate it.
Magby naturally spits an 1100-degree flame. It is said when many appear, it heralds a volcanic eruption.
Magby's state of health is determined by observing the fire it breathes. If the Pokémon is spouting yellow flames from its mouth, it is in good health. When it is fatigued, black smoke will be mixed in with the flames.
If a Magby is spouting yellow flames from its mouth, it is in good health. When it is fatigued, black smoke will be mixed in with the flames.
Magby is found in volcanic craters. Its body heat exceeds 1,100 degrees F, so don't underestimate it.
Magby's body temperature is around 1,100 degrees F. It is healthy if it is breathing yellow flames.
Magby's magma-like blood circulates throughout its body. Its body's heat can top 1,100 degrees F.
Magby is found in volcanic craters. Its body temperature is over 1,100 degrees Fahrenheit, so don't underestimate it.
Magby's small, but its body temperature is over 1,100 degrees F. Embers escape its mouth and nose when it breathes.
Magby's small, but its body temperature is over 1,100 degrees Fahrenheit. Embers escape its mouth and nose when it breathes.
Many of these Pokémon can be seen in areas with volcanic activity. Feeding can get Magby so excited, they exhale flames of 1,100 degrees F.
A famous potter lives with a Magby. Apparently its soft flames produce fine works.
When flames drip from Magby's nose, that means it has a cold. Have it lie down for a nice rest in some magma.
Its body temperature is always around 1,100 degrees Fahrenheit. If Magby falls into a small- enough pond, the whole thing will dry up.

Miltank's milk is packed with nutrition, making it the ultimate beverage for the sick or weary.
If Miltank has just had a baby, the milk it produces contains much more nutrition than usual.
In order to milk a Miltank, one must have a knack for rhythmically pulling up and down on its udders.
Miltank gives over five gallons of milk on a daily basis. Its sweet milk is enjoyed by children and grown-ups alike. People who can't drink milk turn it into yogurt and eat it instead.
Miltank gives over five gallons of milk daily. Its sweet milk is enjoyed by children and grown-ups alike. People who can't drink milk turn it into yogurt and eat it instead.
It is said that kids who drink Miltank's milk grow up to become hearty, healthy adults.
If Miltank is around babies, the milk it produces contains much more nutrition than usual.
Its milk is high in calories and packed with nutrients. Therefore, if you drink too much of it, you may wind up with a body like Miltank's.
Most people raise Miltank for its milk, but it's quite tough and strong, so it's also well suited for battle.
Miltank produces over five gallons of milk a day. The higher the quality of the pastures it lives in, the richer and tastier its milk becomes.
Miltank's milk is delicious and chock-full of nutrients. However, if you drink too much, it could make your stomach hurt, so be careful.

Anyone who takes even one bite of Blissey's egg becomes unfailingly caring and pleasant to everyone.
Blissey has a very compassionate nature. If it sees a sick Pokémon, it will nurse the sufferer back to health.
Biting into one of the delicious eggs that Blissey provides will make everyone around smile with joy.
Blissey senses sadness with its fluffy coat of fur. If it does so, this Pokémon will rush over to the sad person, however far they may be, to share an egg of happiness that brings a smile to any face.
If it senses sadness with its fluffy fur, a Blissey will rush over to the sad person, however far away, to share an egg of happiness that brings a smile to any face.
Blissey nurses sick Pokémon back to health. It senses feelings of sadness.
Blissey is a Pokémon that delivers happiness. Eating its egg is said to make one kind to everyone.
The eggs Blissey lays are filled with happiness. Eating even one bite will bring a smile to anyone.
Blissey senses sadness with its fluffy coat of fur. If it does so, this Pokémon will rush over to a sad person, no matter how far away, to share a Lucky Egg that brings a smile to any face.
Even the most ferocious Pokémon become calm when they eat Blissey's egg, which is said to be filled with happiness.
Blissey's fluffy fur coat acts as a sensor, enabling it to read the feelings of people and Pokémon.
Blissey's eggs are such a delicacy that some say eating one will bring you happiness. These eggs fetch the highest prices on the market.
Blissey is overflowing with love. Only Chansey that share a strong bond with their Trainer can evolve, so people say.

The rain clouds Raikou carries let it fire thunderbolts at will. They say that it descended with lightning.
A Pokémon that races across the land while barking a cry that sounds like crashing thunder.
Raikou stores energy in its body, then sweeps across the land, shooting off electricity.
Raikou embodies the speed of lightning. The roars of this Pokémon send shock waves shuddering through the air and shake the ground as if lightning bolts had come crashing down.
Raikou embodies the speed of lightning. Its roars send shock waves shuddering through the air and ground as if lightning bolts were crashing down.
Raikou races across the land while barking a cry that sounds like crashing thunder.
Raikou is said to have fallen with lightning. It can fire thunderbolts from the rain clouds on its back.
Raikou stores energy inside its body, then sweeps across the land, shooting off electricity.
Raikou embodies the speed of lightning. The roars of this Pokémon send shock waves shuddering through the air and shake the ground as if lightning bolts had come crashing down.

Volcanoes erupt when Entei barks. Unable to restrain its extreme power, it races headlong around the land.
A Pokémon that races across the land. Entei is said that one is born every time a new volcano appears.
Entei courses around the earth, spouting flames hotter than a volcano's magma.
Entei embodies the passion of magma. This Pokémon is thought to have been born in the eruption of a volcano. It sends up massive bursts of fire that utterly consume all that they touch.
Entei embodies the passion of magma. It is thought to have been born in the eruption of a volcano. It blasts fire that consumes all that it touches.
Entei is said that when it roars, a volcano erupts somewhere around the globe.
Volcanoes erupt when Entei barks. Unable to contain its sheer power, it races headlong around the land.
Entei embodies the passion of magma. This Pokémon is thought to have been born in the eruption of a volcano. It sends up massive bursts of fire that utterly consume all that they touch.

Said to be the reincarnation of north winds, Suicune can instantly purify filthy, murky water.
Suicune races across the land. It is said that north winds will somehow blow whenever it appears.
Suicune blows around the world, always in search of a pure reservoir.
Suicune embodies the compassion of a pure spring of water. It runs across the land with gracefulness. This Pokémon has the power to purify dirty water.
Suicune embodies the compassion of a pure spring of water. It runs across the land with gliding elegance. It has the power to purify dirty water.
Suicune travels across the world to purify polluted water. It moves together with the north wind.
Suicune travels around the world to purify fouled water. It dashes away with the north wind.
Said to be the embodiment of north winds, Suicune can instantly purify filthy, murky water.
Suicune races around the world to purify fouled water. It dashes away with the north wind.
Suicune embodies the compassion of a pure spring of water. It runs across the land with gracefulness. This Pokémon has the power to purify dirty water.

Larvitar feeds on soil. After it has eaten a large mountain, it will fall asleep so it can grow.
Larvitar is born deep underground. It can't emerge until it has entirely consumed the soil around it.
Born deep underground, Larvitar becomes a pupa after eating enough dirt to make a mountain.
Larvitar is born deep under the ground. To come up to the surface, this Pokémon must eat its way through the soil above. Until it does so, Larvitar cannot see its parent's face.
A Larvitar is born deep under the ground. It must eat its way through the soil above and reach the surface for it to see its parents' faces.
A Pokémon that eats soil. Once Larvitar has eaten a large mountain, it goes to sleep so it can grow.
Larvitar feeds on soil. After it has eaten a large mountain, it falls asleep so it can grow.
Born deep underground, Larvitar comes aboveground and becomes a pupa once it has finished eating the surrounding soil.
Larvitar is born deep under the ground. To come up to the surface, this Pokémon must eat its way through the soil above. Until it does so, Larvitar cannot see its parents.
Born underground, Larvitar eats its way through dirt to the surface, where its parents are. It doesn't deal well with the bright light it finds there.
Raised on nutrients Larvitar finds in the dirt, it eats roughly a mountain's worth of dirt before it becomes a pupa.
Larvitar feeds on soil. After it has eaten a large mountain, it will fall asleep so it can grow.

Pupitar's shell is as hard as sheet rock, and it is also very strong. Its Thrashing can topple a mountain.
Even sealed in Pupitar's shell, it can move freely. Hard and fast, it has outstanding destructive power.
Pupitar will not stay still, even while it's a pupa. It already has arms and legs under its solid shell.
Pupitar's shell is as hard as sheet rock, and it is also very strong. Its thrashing can topple a mountain.
Pupitar creates a gas inside its body that it compresses and forcefully ejects to propel itself like a jet. The body is very durable - it avoids damage even if it hits solid steel.
A Pupitar creates a gas inside its body that it ejects under compression to propel itself like a jet. Its body can withstand a collision with solid steel.
Pupitar's body is as hard as bedrock. By venting pressurized gas, it can launch itself like a rocket.
This pupa flies around wildly by venting with great force the gas pressurized inside Pupitar's body.
Pupitar creates a gas inside its body that it compresses and forcefully ejects to propel itself like a jet. The body is very durable--it avoids damage even if it hits solid steel.
Pupitar can't wait to evolve, so it relieves its stress by wildly propelling itself around using compressed gas.
This dangerous pupa thrashes about. Pupitar's shell is as hard as bedrock, containing its gradually forming new body within.
Pupitar will not stay still, even while it's a pupa. It already has arms and legs under its solid shell.

Tyranitar's body can't be harmed by any sort of attack, so it is very eager to make challenges against enemies.
Extremely strong, Tyranitar can change the landscape. It has an insolent nature that makes it not care about others.
In just one of Tyranitar's mighty hands, it has the power to make the ground shake and mountains crumble.
Tyranitar is so overwhelmingly powerful, it can bring down a whole mountain to make its nest. This Pokémon wanders about in mountains seeking new opponents to fight.
A Tyranitar is so overwhelmingly powerful, it can bring down a whole mountain to make its nest. It roams in mountains seeking new opponents to fight.
Tyranitar has an impudent nature. Having great strength, it can even change surrounding landforms.
If Tyranitar rampages, it knocks down mountains and buries rivers. Maps must be redrawn afterward.
The quakes caused when Tyranitar walks make even great mountains crumble and change the surrounding terrain.
It wanders through the mountains seeking opponents to fight. If it finds an opponent that's not worthy, Tyranitar ignores it and wanders on.
Tyranitar is a mobile disaster, leaving mountains crumbled and houses destroyed in its wake.
Due to the colossal power poured into it, Tyranitar's back split right open. Its destructive instincts are the only thing keeping it moving.
The effects of Mega Evolution make Tyranitar more ferocious than ever. It's unclear whether it can even hear its Trainer's orders.

Lugia is said that it quietly spends its time deep at the bottom of the sea because its powers are too strong.
Lugia is said to be the guardian of the seas. It is rumored to have been seen on the night of a storm.
It has an incredible ability to calm raging storms. It is said that Lugia appears when storms start.
Lugia's wings pack devastating power - a light fluttering of its wings can blow apart regular houses. As a result, this Pokémon chooses to live out of sight deep under the sea.
Lugia is so powerful even a light fluttering of its wings can blow apart houses. As a result, it chooses to live out of sight deep under the sea.
Lugia sleeps in a deep-sea trench. If it flaps its wings, it is said to cause a 40-day storm.
Lugia slumbers at the bottom of a deep trench. If it flaps its wings, it is said to cause a 40-day storm.
Lugia's wings pack devastating power — a light fluttering of its wings can blow apart regular houses. As a result, this Pokémon chooses to live out of sight deep under the sea.

Legends claim Ho-Oh flies the world's skies continuously on its magnificent seven-colored wings.
A legend says that Ho-Oh's body glows in seven colors. A rainbow is said to form behind it when it flies.
Ho-Oh will reveal itself before a pure-hearted trainer by shining its bright rainbow-colored wings.
Ho-Oh's feathers glow in seven colors depending on the angle at which they are struck by light. These feathers are said to bring happiness to the bearers. This Pokémon is said to live at the foot of a rainbow.
Ho-Oh's feathers—which glow in seven colors depending on the angle at which they are struck by light—are thought to bring joy. It is said to live at the foot of a rainbow.
It possesses seven-colored wings. It is said that those who see Ho-Oh are promised an eternal happiness.
Ho-Oh's feathers are in seven colors. It is said that anyone seeing it is promised eternal happiness.
Ho-Oh will reveal itself before a pure-hearted Trainer by shining its bright, rainbow-colored wings.
Ho-Oh's feathers glow in seven colors depending on the angle at which they are struck by light. These feathers are said to bring happiness to the bearers. This Pokémon is said to live at the foot of a rainbow.

Celebi wanders across time. Grass and trees flourish in the forests in which it has appeared.
When Celebi disappears deep in a forest, it is said to leave behind an egg it brought from the future.
Revered as a guardian of the forest, Celebi appears wherever beautiful forests exist.
This Pokémon came from the future by crossing over time. It is thought that so long as Celebi appears, a bright and shining future awaits us.
When Celebi disappears deep in the forest, it is said to leave behind an egg it brought from the future.
Celebi has the power to travel across time, but it is said to appear only in peaceful times.
Celebi has the ability to move through time. Records describing it as a forest deity can be found from many different eras.
Celebi traveled through time to come from the future. It bolsters grass and trees with its own strength, and it can heal wounds, too.

Treecko has small hooks on the bottom of its feet that enable it to scale vertical walls. This Pokémon attacks by slamming foes with its thick tail.
Treecko is cool, calm, and collected - it never panics under any situation. If a bigger foe were to glare at this Pokémon, it would glare right back without conceding an inch of ground.
Treecko makes its nest in a giant tree in the forest. It ferociously guards against anything nearing its territory. It is said to be the protector of the forest's trees.
Treecko quickly scales even vertical walls. It senses humidity with its tail to predict the next day's weather.
The soles of Treecko's feet are covered by countless tiny spikes, enabling it to walk on walls and ceilings.
Small hooks on the bottom of Treecko's feet catch on walls and ceilings. That is how it can hang from above.
Treecko is cool, calm, and collected—it never panics under any situation. If a bigger foe were to glare at this Pokémon, it would glare right back without conceding an inch of ground.

The leaves growing out of Grovyle's body are convenient for camouflaging it from enemies in the forest. This Pokémon is a master at climbing trees in jungles.
This Pokémon adeptly flies from branch to branch in trees. In a forest, no Pokémon can ever hope to catch a fleeing Grovyle however fast they may be.
Leaves grow out of this Pokémon's body. They help obscure a Grovyle from the eyes of its enemies while it is in a thickly overgrown forest.
Grovyle's strongly developed thigh muscles give it astounding agility and jumping performance.
Grovyle lives in dense jungles. While closing in on its prey, it leaps from branch to branch.
Grovyle leaps from tree branch to tree branch quite swiftly. It shows astounding agility.
The leaves growing out of Grovyle’s body are convenient for camouflaging it from enemies in the forest. This Pokémon is a master at climbing trees in jungles.
This Pokémon adeptly flies from branch to branch in trees. In a forest, no Pokémon can ever hope to catch a fleeing Grovyle however fast they may be.

The leaves growing on Sceptile's body are very sharp edged. This Pokémon is very agile - it leaps all over the branches of trees and jumps on its foe from above or behind.
Sceptile has seeds growing on its back. They are said to be bursting with nutrients that revitalize trees. This Pokémon raises the trees in a forest with loving care.
In the jungle, Sceptile's power is without equal. This Pokémon carefully grows trees and plants. It regulates its body temperature by basking in sunlight.
The leaves on Sceptile's forelegs are as sharp as swords. It agilely leaps about the branches of trees to strike.
The leaves that grow on Sceptile's arms can slice down thick trees. It is without peer in jungle combat.
Sceptile agilely leaps about the jungle and uses the sharp leaves on its arms to strike its prey.
The leaves growing on Sceptile's body are very sharp edged. This Pokémon is very agile—it leaps all over the branches of trees and jumps on its foe from above or behind.
Sceptile has seeds growing on its back. They are said to be bursting with nutrients that revitalize trees. This Pokémon raises the trees in a forest with loving care.

Torchic sticks with its Trainer, following behind with unsteady steps. This Pokémon breathes fire of over 1,800 degrees F, including fireballs that leave the foe scorched black.
Torchic has a place inside its body where it keeps its flame. Give it a hug - it will be glowing with warmth. This Pokémon is covered all over by a fluffy coat of down.
If attacked, it strikes back by spitting balls of fire it forms in its stomach. A Torchic dislikes darkness because it can't see its surroundings.
Torchic has a flame sac inside its belly that perpetually burns. It feels warm if it is hugged.
A fire burns inside, so Torchic feels very warm to hug. It launches fireballs of 1,800 degrees F.
Inside Torchic's body is a place where it keeps a small flame. Hug it! It will be as warm as a hot-water bottle.
A fire burns inside, so Torchic feels very warm to hug. It launches fireballs of 1,800 degrees Fahrenheit.
Torchic sticks with its Trainer, following behind with unsteady steps. This Pokémon breathes fire of over 1,800 degrees Fahrenheit, including fireballs that leave the foe scorched black.
Torchic has a place inside its body where it keeps its flame. Give it a hug—it will be glowing with warmth. This Pokémon is covered all over by a fluffy coat of down.

Combusken toughens up its legs and thighs by running through fields and mountains. This Pokémon's legs possess both speed and power, enabling it to dole out ten kicks in one second.
Combusken battles with the intensely hot flames it spews from its beak and with outstandingly destructive kicks. This Pokémon's cry is very loud and distracting.
Combusken lashes out with 10 kicks per second. Its strong fighting instinct compels it to keep up its offensive until the opponent gives up.
Combusken boosts its concentration by emitting harsh cries. Its kicks have outstanding destructive power.
Combusken's kicking mastery lets it loose 10 kicks per second. It emits sharp cries to intimidate foes.
During a battle, the hot flame in Combusken's body increases. Its kicks have outstanding destructive power.
Combusken toughens up its legs and thighs by running through fields and mountains. This Pokémon's legs possess both speed and power, enabling it to dole out 10 kicks in one second.
Combusken battles with the intensely hot flames it spews from its beak and with outstandingly destructive kicks. This Pokémon's cry is very loud and distracting.

In battle, Blaziken blows out intense flames from its wrists and attacks the foe courageously. The stronger the foes, the more intensely this Pokémon's wrists burn.
Blaziken has incredibly strong legs - it can easily clear a 30-story building in one leap. This Pokémon's blazing punches leave its foes scorched and blackened.
Blaziken learns martial arts that use punches and kicks. Every several years, its old feathers burn off, and new, supple feathers grow back in their place.
When facing a tough foe, Blaziken looses flames from its wrists. Its powerful legs let it jump clear over buildings.
Flames spout from Blaziken's wrists, enveloping its knuckles. Its punches scorch its foes.
Blaziken can clear a 30-story building in a leap. Its fiery punches scorch its foes.
In battle, Blaziken blows out intense flames from its wrists and attacks foes courageously. The stronger the foe, the more intensely this Pokémon's wrists burn.
Blaziken has incredibly strong legs—it can easily clear a 30-story building in one leap. This Pokémon's blazing punches leave its foes scorched and blackened.

The fin on Mudkip's head acts as highly sensitive radar. Using this fin to sense movements of water and air, this Pokémon can determine what is taking place around it without using its eyes.
In water, Mudkip breathes using the gills on its cheeks. If it is faced with a tight situation in battle, this Pokémon will unleash its amazing power - it can crush rocks bigger than itself.
On land, Mudkip can powerfully lift large boulders by planting its four feet and heaving. It sleeps by burying itself in soil at the water's edge.
Mudkip's large tail fin propels it through water with powerful acceleration. It is strong in spite of its size.
To alert Mudkip, the fin on its head senses the flow of water. It has the strength to lift boulders.
Mudkip's power can crush boulders. It rests by covering itself with mud at the bottom of a river.
To alert Mudkip, the fin on its head senses the flow of water. It has the strength to heft boulders.
The fin on Mudkip’s head acts as highly sensitive radar. Using this fin to sense movements of water and air, this Pokémon can determine what is taking place around it without using its eyes.
In water, Mudkip breathes using the gills on its cheeks. If it is faced with a tight situation in battle, this Pokémon will unleash its amazing power—it can crush rocks bigger than itself.

The surface of Marshtomp's body is enveloped by a thin, sticky film that enables it to live on land. This Pokémon plays in mud on beaches when the ocean tide is low.
Marshtomp is much faster at traveling through mud than it is at swimming. This Pokémon's hindquarters exhibit obvious development, giving it the ability to walk on just its hind legs.
Marshtomp's toughened hind legs enable it to stand upright. Because it weakens if its skin dries out, it replenishes fluids by playing in mud.
Marshtomp is at its best when on muddy ground with poor footing. It quickly overwhelms foes struggling in mud.
Marshtomp's sturdy legs give it sure footing, even in mud. It burrows into dirt to sleep.
Living on muddy ground that provides poor footing has made Marshtomp's legs sturdy.
The surface of Marshtomp’s body is enveloped by a thin, sticky film that enables it to live on land. This Pokémon plays in mud on beaches when the ocean tide is low.
Marshtomp is much faster at traveling through mud than it is at swimming. This Pokémon’s hindquarters exhibit obvious development, giving it the ability to walk on just its hind legs.

Swampert is very strong. It has enough power to easily drag a boulder weighing more than a ton. This Pokémon also has powerful vision that lets it see even in murky water.
Swampert predicts storms by sensing subtle differences in the sounds of waves and tidal winds with its fins. If a storm is approaching, it piles up boulders to protect itself.
If Swampert senses the approach of a storm and a tidal wave, it protects its seaside nest by piling up boulders. It swims as fast as a jet ski.
Swampert's arms are rock-hard. With one swing, they can batter down its foe. It makes its nests at beautiful beaches.
Swampert can swim while towing a large ship. It bashes down foes with a swing of its thick arms.
Swampert's arms are hard as rock. With one swing, it can break a boulder into pieces.
Swampert predicts storms by sensing subtle differences in the sounds of waves and tidal winds with its fins. If a storm is approaching, it piles up boulders to protect itself.

At first sight, Poochyena takes a bite at anything that moves. This Pokémon chases after prey until the victim becomes exhausted. However, it may turn tail if the prey strikes back.
Poochyena is an omnivore - it will eat anything. A distinguishing feature is how large its fangs are compared to its body. This Pokémon tries to intimidate its foes by making the hair on its tail bristle out.
Poochyena savagely threatens foes with bared fangs. It chases after fleeing targets tenaciously. It turns tail and runs, however, if the foe strikes back.
Poochyena has a very tenacious nature. Its acute sense of smell lets it chase a chosen prey without ever losing track.
A Pokémon with a persistent nature, Poochyena chases its chosen prey until the prey becomes exhausted.
Poochyena chases its prey until the victim becomes exhausted. However, it turns tail if the prey strikes back.
Poochyena is an omnivore—it will eat anything. A distinguishing feature is how large its fangs are compared to its body. This Pokémon tries to intimidate its foes by making the hair on its tail bristle out.

Mightyena gives obvious signals when it is preparing to attack. It starts to growl deeply and then flattens its body. This Pokémon will bite savagely with its sharply pointed fangs.
Mightyena travel and act as a pack in the wild. The memory of its life in the wild compels the Pokémon to obey only those trainers that it recognizes to possess superior skill.
In the wild, Mightyena live in a pack. They never defy their leader's orders. They defeat foes with perfectly coordinated teamwork.
Mightyena will always obey the commands of a skilled trainer. Its behavior arises from its living in packs in ancient times.
Mightyena chases down prey in a pack. It will never disobey the commands of a skilled Trainer.
Mightyena chases down prey in a pack of around ten. They defeat foes with perfectly coordinated teamwork.
Mightyena will always obey the commands of a skilled Trainer. Its behavior arises from its living in packs in ancient times.
Mightyena travel and act as a pack in the wild. The memory of its life in the wild compels the Pokémon to obey only those Trainers that it recognizes to possess superior skill.

Zigzagoon restlessly wanders everywhere at all times. This Pokémon does so because it is very curious. It becomes interested in anything that it happens to see.
The hair on Zigzagoon's back is bristly. It rubs the hard back hair against trees to leave its territorial markings. This Pokémon may play dead to fool foes in battle.
Rubbing Zigzagoon's nose against the ground, it always wanders about back and forth in search of something. It is distinguished by the zigzag footprints it leaves.
A Pokémon with abundant curiosity. Zigzagoon shows an interest in everything, so it always zigs and zags.
Zigzagoon walks in zigzag fashion. It is good at finding items in the grass and even in the ground.
Zigzagoon gets interested in everything, which is why it zigs and zags. It is good at finding items.
Zigzagoon walks in zigzag fashion. It's good at finding items in the grass and even in the ground.
A Pokémon with abundant curiosity. Zigzagoon shows an interest in everything, so it always zigzags.
It marks its territory by rubbing its bristly fur on trees. This variety of Zigzagoon is friendlier and calmer than the kind native to Galar.
Zigzagoon that adapted to regions outside Galar acquired this appearance. If you've lost something, this Pokémon can likely find it.
Zigzagoon's restlessness has it constantly running around. If it sees another Pokémon, it will purposely run into them in order to start a fight.
Thought to be the oldest form of Zigzagoon, it moves in zigzags and wreaks havoc upon its surroundings.

Linoone always runs full speed and only in straight lines. If facing an obstacle, it makes a right-angle turn to evade it. This Pokémon is very challenged by gently curving roads.
When hunting, Linoone will make a beeline straight for the prey at a full run. While this Pokémon is capable of topping 60 mph, it has to come to a screeching halt before it can turn.
Linoone is exceedingly fast if it only has to run in a straight line. When it spots pond-dwelling prey underwater, it quickly leaps in and catches it with its sharp claws.
When running in a straight line, Linoone can top 60 miles per hour. However, it has a tough time with curved roads.
Linoone charges prey at speeds over 60 mph. However, because it can only run straight, it often fails.
When running in a straight line, Linoone can easily top 60 miles an hour. It has a tough time with curved roads.
Its fur is strong and supple. Shaving brushes made with shed Linoone hairs are highly prized.
Linoone uses its explosive speed and razor-sharp claws to bring down prey. Running along winding paths is not its strong suit.
Linoone uses its long tongue to taunt opponents. Once the opposition is enraged, this Pokémon hurls itself at the opponent, tackling them forcefully.
Linoone will recklessly challenge opponents stronger than itself.

Using the spikes on its rear end, Wurmple peels the bark off trees and feeds on the sap that oozes out. This Pokémon's feet are tipped with suction pads that allow it to cling to glass without slipping.
Wurmple is targeted by Swellow as prey. This Pokémon will try to resist by pointing the spikes on its rear at the attacking predator. It will weaken the foe by leaking poison from the spikes.
Wurmple sticks to tree branches and eats leaves. The thread it spits from its mouth, which becomes gooey when it touches air, slows the movement of its foes.
Wurmple lives amidst tall grass and in forests. When attacked, it resists by pointing its venomous spikes at the foe.
Wurmple loves to eat leaves. If it is attacked by a Starly, it will defend itself with its spiked rear.
Wurmple spits a white silk that turns sticky when it contacts air. It is used to immobilize foes.
Often targeted by bird Pokémon, Wurmple desperately resists by releasing poison from its tail spikes.
Wurmple lives among the tall grass and in forests. It repels attacks by raising up the spikes on its rear.
Wurmple is targeted by Swellow as prey. This Pokémon will try to resist by pointing the spikes on its rear at the attacking predator. It will weaken the foe by leaking poison from the spikes.

Silcoon tethers itself to a tree branch using silk to keep from falling. There, this Pokémon hangs quietly while it awaits evolution. It peers out of the silk cocoon through a small hole.
Silcoon was thought to endure hunger and not consume anything before its evolution. However, it is now thought that this Pokémon slakes its thirst by drinking rainwater that collects on its silk.
Silcoon prepares for evolution using the energy it stored while it was a Wurmple. It keeps watch over the surroundings with its two eyes.
Silcoon conserves its energy by moving as little as possible. It awaits evolution while drinking only a little rainwater.
Silcoon anchors itself by wrapping twigs with the silk from its body. It motionlessly awaits evolution.
Silcoon drinks dew that collects on its silk and waits for evolution. Its hard cocoon repels attacks.
Silcoon wraps silk around the branches of a tree. It drinks rainwater on its silk while awaiting evolution.
Having wrapped silk around the branches of a tree, Silcoon quiescently awaits evolution.
Silcoon was thought to endure hunger and not consume anything before its evolution. However, it is now thought that this Pokémon slakes its thirst by drinking rainwater that collects on its silk.

Beautifly's favorite food is the sweet pollen of flowers. If you want to see this Pokémon, just leave a potted flower by an open window. Beautifly is sure to come looking for pollen.
Beautifly has a long mouth like a coiled needle, which is very convenient for collecting pollen from flowers. This Pokémon rides the spring winds as it flits around gathering pollen.
Beautifly's colorfully patterned wings are its most prominent feature. It flies through flower-covered fields collecting pollen. It attacks ferociously when angered.
Despite Beautifly's appearance, it has an aggressive nature. It attacks by jabbing with its long, thin mouth.
Beautifly has an aggressive nature. It stabs prey with its long, narrow mouth to drain the prey's fluids.
When flower fields bloom, Beautifly flits around, collecting pollen. Despite its appearance, it is savage.
Despite Beautifly's looks, it is aggressive. It jabs with its long, thin mouth if disturbed while collecting pollen.
Vibrantly patterned wings are Beautifly's prominent feature. It sucks sweet flower nectar with its long mouth.
Beautifly has a long mouth like a coiled needle, which is very convenient for collecting pollen from flowers. This Pokémon rides the spring winds as it flits around gathering pollen.

Cascoon makes its protective cocoon by wrapping its body entirely with a fine silk from its mouth. Once the silk goes around its body, it hardens. This Pokémon prepares for its evolution inside the cocoon.
If it is attacked, Cascoon remains motionless however badly it may be hurt. It does so because if it were to move, its body would be weak upon evolution. This Pokémon will also not forget the pain it endured.
To avoid detection by Cascoon's enemies, it hides motionlessly beneath large leaves and in the gaps of branches. It also attaches dead leaves to its body for camouflage.
Cascoon's body, which is made of soft silk, hardens over time. When cracks appear, evolution is near.
Cascoon is hot inside its cocoon. All the cells in its body create the energy for it to evolve.
Encased within Cascoon's tough cocoon, it endures attacks. It never forgets the appearance of its foes.
Cascoon never forgets any attack it endured while in the cocoon. After evolution, it seeks payback.
Cascoon endures attacks with patience, because the more pain before evolution, the sturdier it becomes.
If it is attacked, Cascoon remains motionless however badly it may be hurt. It does so because if it were to move, its body would be weak upon evolution. This Pokémon will also not forget the pain it endured.

Dustox is instinctively drawn to light. Swarms of this Pokémon are attracted by the bright light of cities, where they wreak havoc by stripping the leaves off roadside trees for food.
When Dustox flaps its wings, a fine dust is scattered all over. This dust is actually a powerful poison that will even make a pro wrestler sick. This Pokémon searches for food using its antennae like radar.
Dustox is a nocturnal Pokémon that flies from fields and mountains to the attraction of streetlights at night. It looses highly toxic powder from its wings.
Dustox scatters horribly toxic dust when it senses danger. They tend to gather in the glow of streetlamps at night.
A nocturnal Pokémon. Drawn by streetlights, Dustox messily eat the leaves of trees lining boulevards.
Dustox violently flutters its wings to scatter toxic dust when attacked. It becomes active after sunset.
Toxic powder is scattered with each flap. At night, Dustox is known to strip leaves off trees lining boulevards.
Dustox scatters its fine dust all over when it is attacked. It is a nocturnal Pokémon.
Dustox is instinctively drawn to light. Swarms of this Pokémon are attracted by the bright lights of cities, where they wreak havoc by stripping the leaves off roadside trees for food.
When Dustox flaps its wings, a fine dust is scattered all over. This dust is actually a powerful poison that will even make a pro wrestler sick. This Pokémon searches for food using its antennae like radar.

Lotad live in ponds and lakes, where they float on the surface. It grows weak if its broad leaf dies. On rare occasions, this Pokémon travels on land in search of clean water.
Lotad is said to have dwelled on land before. However, this Pokémon is thought to have returned to water because the leaf on its head grew large and heavy. It now lives by floating atop the water.
Lotad lives in ponds with clean water. It is known to ferry small Pokémon across ponds by carrying them on the broad leaf on its head.
Lotad searches about for clean water. If it does not drink water for too long, the leaf on its head wilts.
Lotad looks like an aquatic plant and serves as a ferry to Pokémon that can't swim.
Lotad's leaf grew too large for it to live on land. That is how it began to live floating in the water.
Lotad's leaf grew too large for it to live on land. That is how it began to live floating in the water.

Lombre is nocturnal - it will get active after dusk. It is also a mischief-maker. When this Pokémon spots anglers, it tugs on their fishing lines from beneath the surface and enjoys their consternation.
Lombre's entire body is covered by a slippery, slimy film. It feels horribly unpleasant to be touched by this Pokémon's hands. Lombre is often mistaken for a human child.
In the evening, Lombre takes great delight in popping out of rivers and startling people. It feeds on aquatic moss that grows on rocks in the riverbed.
Lombre lives at the water's edge where it is sunny. It sleeps on a bed of water grass by day and becomes active at night.
Lombre has a mischievous spirit. If it spots an angler, it will tug on the fishing line to interfere.
Lombre is nocturnal and becomes active at nightfall. It feeds on aquatic mosses that grow in the riverbed.
Lombre lives at the water's edge where it is sunny. It sleeps on a bed of water-grass by day and becomes active at night.
Lombre is nocturnal—it will get active after dusk. It is also a mischief maker. When this Pokémon spots anglers, it tugs on their fishing lines from beneath the surface and enjoys their consternation.
Lombre lives at the water's edge where it is sunny. It sleeps on a bed of water grass by day and becomes active at night.

Ludicolo begins dancing as soon as it hears cheerful, festive music. This Pokémon is said to appear when it hears the singing of children on hiking outings.
Upon hearing an upbeat and cheerful rhythm, the cells in Ludicolo's body become very energetic and active. Even in battle, this Pokémon will exhibit an amazing amount of power.
When Ludicolo hears festive music, all the cells in its body become stimulated, and it begins moving in rhythm. It does not quail even when it faces a tough opponent.
The rhythm of bright, festive music activates Ludicolo's cells, making it more powerful.
If Ludicolo hears festive music, all its muscles fill with energy. It can't help breaking out into a dance.
If Ludicolo hears festive music, it begins moving in rhythm in order to amplify its power.
If Ludicolo hears festive music, it begins moving in rhythm in order to amplify its power.

Seedot attaches itself to a tree branch using the top of its head. It sucks moisture from the tree while hanging off the branch. The more water it drinks, the glossier this Pokémon's body becomes.
Seedot looks exactly like an acorn when it is dangling from a tree branch. It startles other Pokémon by suddenly moving. This Pokémon polishes its body once a day using leaves.
Seedot hangs off branches and absorbs nutrients. When it finishes eating, its body becomes so heavy that it drops to the ground with a thump.
If Seedot remains still, it becomes impossible to distinguish from real nuts. It delights in surprising foraging Pidgey.
When Seedot dangles from a tree branch, it looks just like an acorn. It enjoys scaring other Pokémon.
Seedot attaches itself to a tree branch using the top of its head. Strong winds can sometimes make it fall.
If Seedot remains still, it looks just like a real nut. It delights in surprising foraging Pokémon.
Seedot attaches itself to a tree branch using the top of its head. Strong winds can sometimes make it fall.

Nuzleaf live in densely overgrown forests. They occasionally venture out of the forest to scare people. This Pokémon dislikes having its long nose pinched.
This Pokémon pulls out the leaf on its head and makes a flute with it. The sound of Nuzleaf's flute strikes fear and uncertainty in the hearts of people lost in a forest.
A forest-dwelling Pokémon that is skilled at climbing trees. Nuzleaf's long and pointed nose is its weak point. It loses power if the nose is gripped.
They live in holes bored in large trees. The sound of Nuzleaf's grass flute fills listeners with dread.
The sound of Nuzleaf's grass flute makes its listeners uneasy. It lives deep in forests.
Nuzleaf lives deep in forests. With the leaf on its head, it makes a flute whose song makes listeners uneasy.
Nuzleaf live in densely overgrown forests. They occasionally venture out of the forest to startle people. This Pokémon dislikes having its long nose pinched.
They live in holes bored in large trees. The sound of Nuzleaf's grass flute fills listeners with dread.

Shiftry is a mysterious Pokémon that is said to live atop towering trees dating back over a thousand years. It creates terrific windstorms with the fans it holds.
Shiftry's large fans generate awesome gusts of wind at a speed close to 100 feet per second. The whipped-up wind blows anything away. This Pokémon chooses to live quietly deep in forests.
Shiftry is said to arrive on chilly, wintry winds. Feared from long ago as the guardian of forests, this Pokémon lives in a deep forest where people do not venture.
A Pokémon that was feared as a forest guardian. Shiftry can read the foe's mind and take preemptive action.
By flapping Shiftry's leafy fan, it can whip up gusts of 100 ft/second that can level houses.
Shiftry lives quietly in the deep forest. It is said to create chilly winter winds with the fans it holds.
Shiftry lives quietly in the deep forest. It is said to create chilly winter winds with the fans it holds.

Taillow courageously stands its ground against foes, however strong they may be. This gutsy Pokémon will remain defiant even after a loss. On the other hand, it cries loudly if it becomes hungry.
Taillow is young - it has only just left its nest. As a result, it sometimes becomes lonesome and cries at night. This Pokémon feeds on Wurmple that live in forests.
Although Taillow is small, it is very courageous. It will take on a larger Skarmory on an equal footing. However, its will weakens if it becomes hungry.
Taillow dislikes cold seasons. They migrate to other lands in search of warmth, flying over 180 miles a day.
Taillow has a gutsy spirit that makes it bravely take on tough foes. It flies in search of warm climates.
When Taillow gets cold, they migrate, flying over 180 miles a day. It hunts for tasty prey.
Taillow is young—it has only just left its nest. As a result, it sometimes becomes lonesome and cries at night. This Pokémon feeds on Wurmple that live in forests.

Swellow flies high above our heads, making graceful arcs in the sky. This Pokémon dives at a steep angle as soon as it spots its prey. The hapless prey is tightly grasped by Swellow's clawed feet, preventing escape.
Swellow is very conscientious about the upkeep of its glossy wings. Once two Swellow are gathered, they diligently take care of cleaning each other's wings.
A Swellow dives upon prey from far above. It never misses its targets. It takes to the skies in search of lands with a warm climate.
If Swellow's two tail feathers are standing at attention, it is proof of good health. It soars elegantly in the sky.
Swellow circles the sky in search of prey. When it spots one, it dives steeply to catch the prey.
Swellow dives at a steep angle as soon as it spots its prey. It catches its prey with sharp claws.
Swellow flies high above our heads, making graceful arcs in the sky. This Pokémon dives at a steep angle as soon as it spots its prey. The hapless prey is tightly grasped by Swellow’s clawed feet, preventing escape.
Swellow is very conscientious about the upkeep of its glossy wings. Once two Swellow are gathered, they diligently take care of cleaning each other’s wings.

Wingull has the habit of carrying prey and valuables in its beak and hiding them in all sorts of locations. This Pokémon rides the winds and flies as if it were skating across the sky.
Wingull rides updrafts rising from the sea by extending its long and narrow wings to glide. This Pokémon's long beak is useful for catching prey.
Wingull makes its nest on a sheer cliff at the edge of the sea. It has trouble keeping its wings flapping in flight. Instead, it soars on updrafts.
Wingull rides upon ocean winds as if it were a glider. In the winter, it hides food around its nest.
Wingull makes its nest on steep sea cliffs. Riding updrafts, it soars to great heights.
Catching sea winds with Wingull's long wings , it soars as if it were a glider. It folds its wings to rest.
Wingull soars high in the sky, riding on updrafts like a glider. It carries food tucked in its bill.
Wingull soars on updrafts without flapping its wings. It makes a nest on sheer cliffs at the sea's edge.
Wingull makes its nest on sheer cliffs. Riding the sea breeze, it glides up into the expansive skies.
Wingull's hollow bones enhance its lightness. It spreads its wings to the wind and soars away into the sky.
Fishermen keep an eye out for Wingull in the sky, because wherever they're circling, the ocean is sure to be teeming with fish Pokémon.
With Wingull's long, thin wings, it catches updrafts and flies like a glider high up into the sky.
Wingull builds nests in cliffs by the sea. It circles the skies above the ocean looking for its favorite food—Wishiwashi.
Wingull soars on updrafts without flapping its wings. It makes a nest on sheer cliffs at the sea's edge.

Pelipper is a flying transporter that carries small Pokémon and Eggs inside its massive bill. This Pokémon builds its nest on steep cliffs facing the sea.
Pelipper searches for food while in flight by skimming the wave tops. This Pokémon dips its large bill in the sea to scoop up food, then swallows everything in one big gulp.
Pelipper skims the tops of waves as it flies. When it spots prey, it uses its large beak to scoop up the victim with water. It protects its eggs in its beak.
Pelipper is a flying transporter that carries small Pokémon in its beak. It bobs on the waves to rest its wings.
Pelipper dips its large bill in the sea, then scoops up numerous prey along with water.
Pelipper acts as a delivery service by carrying small Pokémon in its bill. It bobs on the waves to rest.
Pelipper is a messenger of the skies, carrying small Pokémon and eggs to safety in its bill.
Pelipper protects its young in its beak. It bobs on waves, resting on them on days when the waters are calm.
Skimming the water's surface, Pelipper dips its large bill in the sea, scoops up food and water, and carries it.
Pelipper is a flying transporter that carries small Pokémon and eggs inside its massive bill. This Pokémon builds its nest on steep cliffs facing the sea.
Pelipper's spacious beak is large enough for a small child to fit right inside.
Gathering food is the work of young males. Pelipper store food in their capacious beaks and carry it back to others waiting in the nest.
Pelipper places small Pokémon into its spacious beak and carries them around. No one knows where it's taking them.
Pelipper scoops up Wishiwashi in its huge beak and swallows them whole.
Skimming the water's surface, Pelipper dips its large bill in the sea, scoops up food and water, and carries it.

Ralts senses the emotions of people using the horns on its head. This Pokémon rarely appears before people. But when it does, it draws closer if it senses that the person has a positive disposition.
Ralts has the ability to sense the emotions of people. If its trainer is in a cheerful mood, this Pokémon grows cheerful and joyous in the same way.
A Ralts has the power to sense the emotions of people and Pokémon with the horns on its head. It takes cover if it senses any hostility.
Ralts is highly attuned to the emotions of people and Pokémon. It hides if it senses hostility.
Ralts uses the horns on its head to sense human emotions. It is said to appear in front of cheerful people.
If Ralts's horns capture the warm feelings of people or Pokémon, its body warms up slightly.
The horns on Ralts's head provide a strong power that enables it to sense people's emotions.
Ralts is highly attuned to the emotions of people and Pokémon. It hides if its senses hostility.
Ralts has the ability to sense the emotions of people. If its Trainer is in a cheerful mood, this Pokémon grows cheerful and joyous in the same way.
If Ralts's horns capture the warm feelings of people or Pokémon, its body warms up slightly.

It is said that a Kirlia that is exposed to the positive emotions of its Trainer grows beautiful. This Pokémon controls psychokinetic powers with its highly developed brain.
Kirlia uses the horns on its head to amplify its psychokinetic power. When the Pokémon uses its power, the air around it becomes distorted, creating mirages of nonexistent scenery.
A Kirlia has the psychic power to create a rip in the dimensions and see into the future. It is said to dance with pleasure on sunny mornings.
The cheerful spirit of Kirlia's Trainer gives it energy for its psychokinetic power. It spins and dances when happy.
Kirlia is highly perceptive of its Trainer's feelings. It dances when it is feeling happy.
If Kirlia's Trainer becomes happy, it overflows with energy, dancing joyously while spinning about.
Kirlia has a psychic power that enables it to distort the space around it and see into the future.
Kirlia has a psychic power that enables it to distort the space around it and see into the future.

Gardevoir has the ability to read the future. If it senses impending danger to its Trainer, this Pokémon is said to unleash its psychokinetic energy at full power.
Gardevoir has the psychokinetic power to distort the dimensions and create a small black hole. This Pokémon will try to protect its Trainer even at the risk of its own life.
Gardevoir apparently does not feel the pull of gravity because it supports itself with psychic power. It will give its life to protect its Trainer.
Gardevoir has the power to predict the future. Its power peaks when it is protecting its Trainer.
Gardevoir will try to guard its trusted Trainer with its life. It has the ability to see the future.
To protect Gardevoir's Trainer, it will expend all its psychic power to create a small black hole.
Gardevoir unleashes psychokinetic energy at full power when protecting a Trainer it has bonded closely with.
To protect Gardevoir's Trainer, it will expend all its psychic power to create a small black hole.

From the tips of its feet, Surskit secretes an oil that enables it to walk on water as if it were skating. This Pokémon feeds on microscopic organisms in ponds and lakes.
If Surskit senses danger, it secretes a thick, sugary syrup from the tip of its head. There are some Pokémon that love eating this syrup.
Surskit gather on puddles after evening downpours, gliding across the surface of water as if sliding. It secretes honey with a sweet aroma from its head.
Surskit usually live on ponds, but after an evening shower, they may appear on puddles in towns.
Surskit appears as if it is skating on water. It draws prey with a sweet scent from the tip of its head.
Surskit secretes a thick, sweet-scented syrup from the tip of its head. It lives on weed-choked ponds.
Surskit moves as if skating on the surface of the water. It often fights with Dewpider over food.
When Surskit senses danger, a sweet fluid oozes from the tip of its head. The taste of it disgusts bird Pokémon.
If Surskit's in a pinch, it will secrete a sweet liquid from the tip of its head. Syrup made from gathering that liquid is tasty on bread.
Surskit lives in ponds and marshes that feature lots of plant life. It often fights with Dewpider, whose habitat and diet are similar.

Masquerain intimidates enemies with the eyelike patterns on its antennas. This Pokémon flaps its four wings to freely fly in any direction - even sideways and backwards - as if it were a helicopter.
Masquerain's antennas have eyelike patterns that usually give it an angry look. If the "eyes" are droopy and appear sad, it is said to be a sign that a heavy rainfall is on its way.
Masquerain intimidates foes with the large eyelike patterns on its antennae. Because it can't fly if its wings get wet, it shelters itself from rain under large trees and eaves.
The antennae have distinctive patterns that look like eyes. When Masquerain rains, they grow heavy, making flight impossible.
Masquerain's antennae have eye patterns on them. Its four wings enable it to hover and fly in any direction.
Masquerain flaps its four wings to hover and fly freely in any direction--to and fro and sideways.
Masquerain intimidates enemies with the eyelike patterns on its antennas. This Pokémon flaps its four wings to freely fly in any direction—even sideways and backwards—as if it were a helicopter.
Masquerain’s antennas have eyelike patterns that usually give it an angry look. If the “eyes” are droopy and appear sad, it is said to be a sign that a heavy rainfall is on its way.
Masquerain intimidates enemies with the eye-like patterns on its antennae. Its four wings allow it to fly in any direction.
Masquerain's wings and antennae don't cope well with moisture. After a rain, it faces sunward to dry off.
Masquerain intimidates enemies with the eyelike patterns of its eyespots. If that doesn't work, it deftly makes its escape on its set of four wings.
Masquerain's thin, winglike antennae are highly absorbent. It waits out rainy days in tree hollows.

Shroomish live in damp soil in the dark depths of forests. They are often found keeping still under fallen leaves. This Pokémon feeds on compost that is made up of fallen, rotted leaves.
If Shroomish senses danger, it shakes its body and scatters spores from the top of its head. This Pokémon's spores are so toxic, they make trees and weeds wilt.
It loves to eat damp, composted soil in forests. If you enter a forest after a long rain, you can see many Shroomish feasting on composted soil.
Shroomish prefers damp places. By day it remains still in the forest shade. It releases toxic powder from its head.
Shroomish spouts poison spores from the top of its head. These spores cause pain all over if inhaled.
If Shroomish senses danger, it scatters spores from the top of its head to protect itself.
If Shroomish senses danger, it shakes its body and scatters spores from the top of its head. This Pokémon’s spores are so toxic, they make trees and weeds wilt.

Breloom closes in on its foe with light and sprightly footwork, then throws punches with its stretchy arms. This Pokémon's fighting technique puts boxers to shame.
The seeds ringing Breloom's tail are made of hardened toxic spores. It is horrible to eat the seeds. Just taking a bite of this Pokémon's seed will cause your stomach to rumble.
Breloom scatters spores from holes in the cap on its head. It loves warm and humid climates. It feeds on trees and plants in fields and forests.
The seeds on Breloom's tail are made of toxic spores. It knocks out foes with quick, virtually invisible punches.
Breloom's short arms stretch when it throws punches. Its technique is equal to that of pro boxers.
Breloom scatters poisonous spores and throws powerful punches while its foe is hampered by inhaled spores.
The seeds ringing Breloom's tail are made of hardened toxic spores. It is horrible to eat the seeds. Just taking a bite of this Pokémon's seed will cause your stomach to rumble.

Slakoth lolls around for over twenty hours every day. Because it moves so little, it does not need much food. This Pokémon's sole daily meal consists of just three leaves.
Slakoth's heart beats just once a minute. Whatever happens, it is content to loaf around motionless. It is rare to see this Pokémon in motion.
Slakoth sleeps virtually all day and night long. It doesn't change its nest its entire life, but it sometimes travels great distances by swimming in rivers.
Slakoth sleeps for 20 hours every day. Making drowsy those that see it is one of its abilities.
Slakoth spends nearly all its time in a day sprawled out. Just seeing it makes one drowsy.
The way Slakoth lolls around makes anyone who watches it feel like doing the same.
If Slakoth eats just three leaves in a day, it is satisfied. Other than that, it sleeps for 20 hours a day.
Slakoth lolls around for over 20 hours every day. Because it moves so little, it does not need much food. This Pokémon’s sole daily meal consists of just three leaves.
Slakoth’s heart beats just once a minute. Whatever happens, it is content to loaf around motionless. It is rare to see this Pokémon in motion.

Vigoroth is always itching and agitated to go on a wild rampage. It simply can't tolerate sitting still for even a minute. This Pokémon's stress level rises if it can't be moving constantly.
Vigoroth is simply incapable of remaining still. Even when it tries to sleep, the blood in its veins grows agitated, compelling this Pokémon to run wild throughout the jungle before it can settle down.
Vigoroth can't keep still because its blood boils with energy. It runs through the fields and mountains all day to calm itself. If it doesn't, it can't sleep at night.
Vigoroth is always hungry because it won't stop rampaging. Even while it is eating, it can't keep still.
Vigoroth's heart beats at a tenfold tempo, so it cannot sit still even for a moment.
Vigoroth's stress level rises if it cannot keep moving constantly. Too much stress makes it feel sick.
Vigoroth's heartbeat is fast and its blood is so agitated that it can't sit still for one second.
Vigoroth's heartbeat is fast and its blood so agitated that it can't sit still for one second.
Vigoroth is always itching and agitated to go on a wild rampage. It simply can’t tolerate sitting still for even a minute. This Pokémon’s stress level rises if it can’t be moving constantly.
Vigoroth is simply incapable of remaining still. Even when it tries to sleep, the blood in its veins grows agitated, compelling this Pokémon to run wild throughout the jungle before it can settle down.

Slaking spends all day lying down and lolling about. It eats grass growing within its reach. If it eats all the grass it can reach, this Pokémon reluctantly moves to another spot.
Wherever Slaking lives, rings of over a yard in diameter appear in grassy fields. They are made by the Pokémon as it eats all the grass within reach while lying prone on the ground.
Hordes of Slaking gather around trees when fruits come into season. They wait around patiently for ripened fruits to fall out of the trees.
Slaking is the world's most slothful Pokémon. However, it can exert horrifying power by releasing pent-up energy all at once.
The world's laziest Pokémon. When Slaking is lounging, it is actually saving energy for striking back.
The world's laziest Pokémon. Slaking moves to another spot when there's no food left within its reach.
Slaking lives lying on its side. It only rolls over and moves when there is no more grass to eat.
Wherever Slaking live, rings of over a yard in diameter appear in grassy fields. They are made by the Pokémon as it eats all the grass within reach while lying prone on the ground.

Nincada lives underground for many years in complete darkness. This Pokémon absorbs nutrients from the roots of trees. It stays motionless as it waits for evolution.
Nincada lives underground. It uses its sharp claws to carve the roots of trees and absorb moisture and nutrients. This Pokémon can't withstand bright sunlight so avoids it.
Nincada makes its nest at the roots of a mighty tree. Using its whiskerlike antennae, it probes its surroundings in the pitch-black darkness of soil.
Because Nincada lived almost entirely underground, it is nearly blind. It uses its antennae instead.
Nincada grows underground, sensing its surroundings using antennae instead of its virtually blind eyes.
Nincada can sometimes live underground for more than 10 years. It absorbs nutrients from the roots of trees.
Nincada can sometimes live underground for more than 10 years. It absorbs nutrients from the roots of trees.

Ninjask moves around at such a high speed that it cannot be seen, even while its crying can be clearly heard. For that reason, this Pokémon was long believed to be invisible.
If Ninjask is not trained properly, it will refuse to obey the Trainer and cry loudly continuously. Because of this quality, this Pokémon is said to be one that puts the Trainer's abilities to the test.
Because Ninjask darts about vigorously at high speed, it is very difficult to see. Hearing its distinctive cries for too long induces a headache.
Ninjask is so quick, it is said to be able to avoid any attack. It loves to feed on tree sap.
Because Ninjask moves so quickly, it sometimes becomes unseeable. It congregates around tree sap.
Ninjask's cry leaves a lasting headache if heard for too long. It moves so quickly that it is almost invisible.
Ninjask is so quick, it is said to be able to avoid any attack. It loves to feed on tree sap.

Shedinja's hard body doesn't move - not even a twitch. In fact, its body appears to be merely a hollow shell. It is believed that this Pokémon will steal the spirit of anyone peering into its hollow body from its back.
Shedinja is a peculiar Pokémon. It seems to appear unsought in a Poké Ball after a Nincada evolves. This bizarre Pokémon is entirely immobile - it doesn't even breathe.
A peculiar Pokémon that floats in air even though Shedinja's wings remain completely still. The inside of its body is hollow and utterly dark.
A most peculiar Pokémon that somehow appears in a Poké Ball when a Nincada evolves.
A discarded bug shell that came to life. Peering into the crack on Shedinja's back is said to steal one's spirit.
A strange Pokémon--Shedinja flies without moving its wings, has a hollow shell for a body, and does not breathe.
Shedinja's hard body doesn't move—not even a twitch. In fact, its body appears to be merely a hollow shell. It is believed that this Pokémon will steal the spirit of anyone peering into its hollow body from its back.
Shedinja is a peculiar Pokémon. It seems to appear unsought in a Poké Ball after a Nincada evolves. This bizarre Pokémon is entirely immobile—it doesn't even breathe.
A strange Pokémon—Shedinja flies without moving its wings, has a hollow shell for a body, and does not breathe.

Normally, Whismur's voice is very quiet - it is barely audible even if one is paying close attention. However, if this Pokémon senses danger, it starts crying at an earsplitting volume.
Whismur is very timid. If it starts to cry loudly, it becomes startled by its own crying and cries even harder. When it finally stops crying, the Pokémon goes to sleep, all tired out.
Whismur's cries equal a jet plane in volume. It inhales through its ear canals. Because of this system, it can cry continually without having to catch its breath.
Whismur usually murmurs, but starts crying loudly if it senses danger. It stops when its ear covers are shut.
Usually, Whismur's cries are like quiet murmurs. If frightened, it shrieks at the same volume as a jet plane.
If Whismur senses danger, it scares the foe by crying out with the volume of a jet-plane engine.
Whismur usually murmurs but starts crying loudly if it senses danger. It stops when its ear covers are shut.
Normally, Whismur’s voice is very quiet—it is barely audible even if one is paying close attention. However, if this Pokémon senses danger, it starts crying at an earsplitting volume.
Whismur is very timid. If it starts to cry loudly, it becomes startled by its own crying and cries even harder. When it finally stops crying, the Pokémon goes to sleep, all tired out.

Loudred's bellowing can completely decimate a wood-frame house. It uses its voice to punish its foes. This Pokémon's round ears serve as loudspeakers.
Loudred shouts while stamping its feet. After it finishes shouting, this Pokémon becomes incapable of hearing anything for a while. This is considered to be a weak point.
Loudred positions the round speakers on its head to assail foes with ultrasonic waves at massive volume. It builds power by stomping the ground.
When Loudred stomps its feet and bellows, it generates ultrasonic waves that can blow apart a house.
The shock waves from Loudred's cries can tip over trucks. It stamps its feet to power up.
Loudred shouts loudly by inhaling air, and then uses its well-developed stomach muscles to exhale.
Loudred’s bellowing can completely decimate a wood-frame house. It uses its voice to punish its foes. This Pokémon’s round ears serve as loudspeakers.
Loudred shouts while stamping its feet. After it finishes shouting, this Pokémon becomes incapable of hearing anything for a while. This is considered to be a weak point.

Exploud triggers earthquakes with the tremors it creates by bellowing. If this Pokémon violently inhales from the ports on its body, it's a sign that it is preparing to let loose a huge bellow.
Exploud communicates its feelings to others by emitting whistle-like sounds from the tubes of its body. This Pokémon only raises its voice when it is in battle.
Exploud has sound-generating organs all over its body. It communicates with others by adjusting the tone and volume of the cries it emits.
Exploud emits a variety of sounds from the holes all over its body. Its loud cries can be heard from over six miles away.
Exploud's howls can be heard over six miles away. It emits all sorts of noises from the ports on its body.
Exploud's roar in battle shakes the ground like a tremor--or like an earthquake has struck.
Exploud triggers earthquakes with the tremors it creates by bellowing. If this Pokémon violently inhales from the ports on its body, it’s a sign that it is preparing to let loose a huge bellow.
Exploud communicates its feelings to the others by emitting whistle-like sounds from the tubes on its body. This Pokémon only raises its voice when it is in battle.

Makuhita is tenacious - it will keep getting up and attacking its foe however many times it is knocked down. Every time it gets back up, this Pokémon stores more energy in its body for evolving.
Makuhita has a tireless spirit - it will never give up hope. It eats a lot of food, gets plenty of sleep, and it trains very rigorously. By living that way, this Pokémon packs its body with energy.
It loves to toughen up its body above all else. If you hear quaking rumbles in a cave, it is the sound of Makuhita undertaking strenuous training.
Makuhita grows stronger by enduring harsh training. It is a gutsy Pokémon that can withstand any attack.
Makuhita toughens its body by slamming into thick trees. Many snapped trees can be found near its nest.
Makuhita toughens up by slamming into thick trees over and over. It gains a sturdy body and dauntless spirit.
Makuhita is tenacious—it will keep getting up and attacking its foe however many times it is knocked down. Every time it gets back up, this Pokémon stores more energy in its body for evolving.
Makuhita has a tireless spirit—it will never give up hope. It eats a lot of food, gets plenty of sleep, and it trains very rigorously. By living that way, this Pokémon packs its body with energy.
It was originally brought in from another region, but now Makuhita from Alola are more famous.
Makuhita's daily routine consists of training together first thing in the morning, eating and napping in the afternoon, and then more training afterward.
Makuhita practices its slaps by repeatedly slapping tree trunks. It has been known to slap an Exeggutor and get flung away.
There's a rumor of a traditional recipe for stew that Trainers can use to raise strong Makuhita.

Hariyama practices its straight-arm slaps in any number of locations. One hit of this Pokémon's powerful, openhanded, straight-arm punches could snap a telephone pole in two.
Hariyama's thick body may appear fat, but it is actually a hunk of solid muscle. If this Pokémon bears down and tightens all its muscles, its body becomes as hard as a rock.
Hariyama has the habit of challenging others without hesitation to tests of strength. It's been known to stand on train tracks and stop trains using forearm thrusts.
Hariyama stomps on the ground to build power. It can send a 10-ton truck flying with a straight-arm punch.
Hariyama loves to match power with big-bodied Pokémon. It can knock a truck flying with its arm thrusts.
Hariyama loves challenging others to tests of strength. It has the power to stop a train with a slap.
Hariyama practices its straight-arm slaps in any number of locations. One hit of this Pokémon’s powerful, openhanded, straight-arm punches could snap a telephone pole in two.
Hariyama’s thick body may appear fat, but it is actually a hunk of solid muscle. If this Pokémon bears down and tightens all its muscles, its body becomes as hard as a rock.
Hariyama is known for its fantastic strength, but as it grows older, it focuses more on training Makuhita.
Hariyama love to compare their freakish strength—strength enough to send a truck flying with a single slap.
Although Hariyama enjoy comparing their strength, they're also kind. They value etiquette, praising opponents they battle.
Hariyama that are big and fat aren't necessarily strong. There are some small ones that move nimbly and use moves skillfully.

Azurill spins its tail as if it were a lasso, then hurls it far. The momentum of the throw sends its body flying, too. Using this unique action, one of these Pokémon managed to hurl itself a record 33 feet.
Azurill's tail is large and bouncy. It is packed full of the nutrients this Pokémon needs to grow. Azurill can be seen bouncing and playing on its big, rubbery tail.
Azurill's tail, which is packed with nutrition, is very bouncy like a rubber ball. On sunny days they gather at the edge of water and splash about for fun.
Azurill battles by flinging around its tail, which is bigger than its body. The tail is a floatation device in water.
A Pokémon that lives by water. Azurill moves quickly on land by bouncing on its big tail.
Azurill's tail is filled with nutrients necessary for growth. It plays by bouncing on its tail.
Azurill's tail bounces like a rubber ball. It flings that tail around to fight opponents bigger than itself.
Azurill's tail is packed full of the nutrients it needs to grow.
Azurill swings its large, nutrient-filled tail around to fight opponents bigger than itself.
Azurill’s tail is large and bouncy. It is packed full of the nutrients this Pokémon needs to grow. Azurill can be seen bouncing and playing on its big, rubbery tail.

Nosepass's magnetic nose is always pointed to the north. If two of these Pokémon meet, they cannot turn their faces to each other when they are close because their magnetic noses repel one another.
Nosepass had been said to be completely unmoving, with its magnetic nose pointed due north. However, close observation has revealed that the Pokémon actually moves by a little over 3/8 of an inch every year.
Nosepass's body emits a powerful magnetism. It feeds on prey that is pulled in by the force. Its magnetism is stronger in cold seasons.
Its magnetic nose consistently faces north. Travelers check Nosepass to get their bearings.
Nosepass's nose is a magnet. As a result, this Pokémon always keeps its face pointing north.
When endangered, Nosepass may protect itself by raising its magnetism and drawing iron objects to its body.
If two of these meet, Nosepass cannot get too close because their noses repel each other.
Nosepass's magnetic nose always faces north and draws iron objects to its body to protect itself better.
Nosepass’s magnetic nose is always pointed to the north. If two of these Pokémon meet, they cannot turn their faces to each other when they are close because their magnetic noses repel one another.
The magnet in Nosepass's nose provides an unerring compass, making it an excellent partner for Trainers going on a journey.
Nosepass uses powerful magnetism to drag its prey toward it. It's also been known to pull in metal, which it collects and uses to protect itself.
Nosepass moves less than an inch a year, but when it's in a jam, it will spin and drill down into the ground in a split second.
Nosepass hunts without twitching a muscle by pulling in its prey with powerful magnetism. But sometimes it pulls natural enemies in close.

Skitty has the habit of becoming fascinated by moving objects and chasing them around. This Pokémon is known to chase after its own tail and become dizzy.
Skitty is known to chase around playfully after its own tail. In the wild, this Pokémon lives in holes in the trees of forests. It is very popular as a pet because of its adorable looks.
A Skitty's adorably cute behavior makes it highly popular. In battle, it makes its tail puff out. It threatens foes with a sharp growl.
Skitty is said to be difficult to earn its trust. However, it is extremely popular for its cute looks and behavior.
Skitty can't stop itself from chasing moving things, and it runs in a circle, chasing its own tail.
Skitty's adorable when it chases its own tail. It's difficult to earn its trust.
Skitty shows its cute side by chasing its own tail until it gets dizzy.
Skitty is known to chase around playfully after its own tail. In the wild, this Pokémon lives in holes in the trees of forests. It is very popular as a pet because of its adorable looks.

Delcatty prefers to live an unfettered existence in which it can do as it pleases at its own pace. Because this Pokémon eats and sleeps whenever it decides, its daily routines are completely random.
Delcatty sleeps anywhere it wants without keeping a permanent nest. If other Pokémon approach it as it sleeps, this Pokémon will never fight - it will just move away somewhere else.
Rather than keeping a permanent lair, Delcatty habitually seeks comfortable spots and sleeps there. It is nocturnal and becomes active at dusk.
The favorite of trend-conscious female Trainers, Delcatty are used in competition for their style and fur.
Delcatty is highly popular among female Trainers for its sublime fur. It does not keep a nest.
Delcatty dislikes dirty places. It often searches for a comfortable place in which to groom itself.
The reason Delcatty does not have a nest is that it simply searches for a clean, comfortable place then sleeps there.
Delcatty sleeps anywhere it wants without keeping a permanent nest. If other Pokémon approach it as it sleeps, this Pokémon will never fight—it will just move away somewhere else.

Sableye lead quiet lives deep inside caverns. They are feared, however, because these Pokémon are thought to steal the spirits of people when their eyes burn with a sinister glow in the darkness.
Sableye digs the ground with sharpened claws to find rocks that it eats. Substances in the eaten rocks crystallize and rise up to the Pokémon's body surface.
It digs branching holes in caves using its sharp claws in search of food—raw gems. A Sableye lurks in darkness and is seen only rarely.
Sableye feeds on gemstone crystals. In darkness, its eyes sparkle with the glitter of jewels.
Sableye hides in the darkness of caves. Its diet of gems has transformed its eyes into gemstones.
Sableye dwells in the darkness of caves. It uses its sharp claws to dig up gems to nourish itself.
Sableye's a fiend for gemstones, so it stalks Carbink. Unfortunately, Gabite almost always grabs them first.
This Pokémon is feared. When its gemstone eyes begin to glow with a sinister shine, it's believed that Sableye will steal people's spirits away.
Sableye digs through the ground with its hard claws and crunches down gems with its thick pointy teeth. Carbink is its favorite food.
Materials from gems Sableye has eaten float to the surface of its body and can form an infinite number of patterns among individuals.
The jewel from Sableye's chest, which has grown gigantic due to the effects of Mega Evolution, can turn back any attack.
Supporting a giant heavy jewel, Sableye can't change direction very nimbly and is vulnerable to attack from behind.
Bathed in the energy of Mega Evolution, the gemstone on Sableye's chest expands, rips through its skin, and falls out.
It blocks any and all attacks with its giant-sized gemstone. However, the stone's a heavy burden, and it limits Mega Sableye's movements.

Mawile's huge jaws are actually steel horns that have been transformed. Its docile-looking face serves to lull its foe into letting down its guard. When the foe least expects it, Mawile chomps it with its gaping jaws.
Don't be taken by this Pokémon's cute face - it's very dangerous. Mawile fools the foe into letting down its guard then chomps down with its massive jaws. The steel jaws are really horns that have been transformed.
Mawile's giant jaws are actually steel horns that transformed. It fools foes into complacency with its adorable gestures, then chomps them with its huge jaws.
Mawile uses its docile-looking face to lull foes into complacency, then bites with its huge, relentless jaws.
Attached to Mawile's head is a huge set of jaws formed by horns. It can chew through iron beams.
Mawile chomps with its gaping mouth. Its huge jaws are actually steel horns that have been transformed.
Don't be taken in by this Pokémon's cute face—it's very dangerous. Mawile fools the foe into letting down its guard, then chomps down with its massive jaws. The steel jaws are really horns that have been transformed.
A cunning and terrifying Pokémon, Mawile's cuteness makes opponents let down their guard—and then it swallows them whole with its huge jaws.
Mawile has two mouths. The big jaws on the back of its head can't taste anything, so that's the mouth it uses to eat foods it doesn't like.
Mawile has an extremely vicious disposition. It grips prey in its two sets of jaws and tears them apart with raw power.
Mawile's two sets of jaws thrash about violently as if they each had a will of their own. One gnash from them can turn a boulder to dust.

This Pokémon has a body of steel. To make its body, Aron feeds on iron ore that it digs from mountains. Occasionally, it causes major trouble by eating bridges and rails.
Aron has a body of steel. With one all-out charge, this Pokémon can demolish even a heavy dump truck. The destroyed dump truck then becomes a handy meal for the Pokémon.
A Pokémon that is clad in steel armor. A new suit of armor is made when Aron evolves. The old, discarded armor is salvaged as metal for making iron products.
Aron eats iron to build its steel body. It is a pest that descends from mountains to eat bridges and train tracks.
Aron usually lives deep in mountains. However, hunger may drive it to eat railroad tracks and cars.
When Aron evolves, it sheds the steel carapace that covered its whole body and develops a new one.
In order to build up Aron's steel body, it eats iron ore. This pesky Pokémon is known to eat railroad tracks.
Aron has a body of steel. With one all-out charge, this Pokémon can demolish even a heavy dump truck. The destroyed dump truck then becomes a handy meal for the Pokémon.

Lairon tempers its steel body by drinking highly nutritious mineral springwater until it is bloated. This Pokémon makes its nest close to springs of delicious water.
Lairon feeds on iron contained in rocks and water. It makes its nest on mountains where iron ore is buried. As a result, the Pokémon often clashes with humans mining the iron ore.
When two Lairon meet in the wild, they fight for territory by bashing into each other with their steel bodies. The sound of their collision carries for miles.
Lairon habitually shows off its strength with the size of sparks it creates by ramming its steel body into boulders.
For food, Lairon digs up iron ore. It smashes its steely body against others to fight over territory.
Lairon loves iron ore. Groups of them fight for territory by bashing one another with their steel bodies.
Lairon fight over territory, and when their steel bodies collide, sparks fly.
Lairon habitually shows off its strength with the sparks it creates by ramming its steel body into boulders.
Lairon feeds on iron contained in rocks and water. It makes its nest on mountains where iron ore is buried. As a result, the Pokémon often clashes with humans mining the iron ore.

Aggron claims an entire mountain as its own territory. It mercilessly beats up anything that violates its environment. This Pokémon vigilantly patrols its territory at all times.
Aggron is surprisingly protective of its environment. If its mountain is ravaged by a landslide or a fire, this Pokémon will haul topsoil to the area, plant trees, and beautifully restore its own territory.
Its iron horns grow longer a little at a time. They are used to determine the Aggron's age. The gouges in its armor are worn with pride as mementos from battles.
Aggron claims a large mountain as its sole territory. It mercilessly thrashes those that violate its space.
While seeking iron for food, Aggron digs tunnels by breaking through bedrock with its steel horns.
You can tell Aggron's age by the length of its iron horns. It claims an entire mountain as its territory.
Aggron claims an entire mountain as its own. The more wounds it has, the more it has battled, so don't take it lightly.
Aggron is protective of its environment. If its mountain is ravaged by a landslide or a fire, this Pokémon will haul topsoil to the area, plant trees, and beautifully restore its own territory.

Meditite undertakes rigorous mental training deep in the mountains. However, whenever it meditates, this Pokémon always loses its concentration and focus. As a result, its training never ends.
Meditite heightens its inner energy through meditation. It survives on just one berry a day. Minimal eating is another aspect of this Pokémon's training.
Meditite continually meditates for hours every day. As a result of rigorous and dedicated yoga training, it has tempered its spiritual power so much it can fly.
Meditite never skips its daily yoga training. It heightens its inner strength through meditation.
Meditite eats just one berry a day. By enduring hunger, its spirit is tempered and made sharper.
Meditite never misses its daily yoga workouts, and it heightens its spiritual power through meditation.
Meditite always trains deep in mountains. It levitates when it heightens its spiritual power through meditation.
Meditite meditates to heighten its inner energy and to float in the air. It eats one berry a day.
Meditite heightens its inner energy through meditation. It survives on just one berry a day. Minimal eating is another aspect of this Pokémon’s training.

It is said that through meditation, Medicham heightens energy inside its body and sharpens its sixth sense. This Pokémon hides its presence by merging itself with fields and mountains.
Through the power of meditation, Medicham developed a sixth sense. It gained the ability to use psychokinetic powers. This Pokémon is known to meditate for a whole month without eating.
Through crushingly harsh yoga training, Medicham gained the power to foretell its foe's actions. It battles with elegant, dance-like movement.
Medicham elegantly avoids attacks with dance-like steps, then launches a devastating blow in the same motion.
Through yoga training, Medicham has honed its sixth sense. Its movements are elegant.
Through daily meditation, Medicham hones its spiritual power. It can sense what others are thinking.
Medicham gains the ability to see the aura of its opponents by honing its mind through starvation.
Through yoga training, Medicham gained the psychic power to predict its foe's next move.
Through the power of meditation, Medicham developed its sixth sense. It gained the ability to use psychokinetic powers. This Pokémon is known to meditate for a whole month without eating.

Electrike stores electricity in its long body hair. This Pokémon stimulates its leg muscles with electric charges. These jolts of power give its legs explosive acceleration performance.
Electrike runs faster than the human eye can follow. The friction from running is converted into electricity, which is then stored in this Pokémon's fur.
Electrike generates electricity using friction from the atmosphere. In seasons with especially arid air, its entire body blazes with violent showers of sparks.
Electrike stores static electricity in its fur for discharging. It gives off sparks if a storm approaches.
Using electricity stored in Electrike's fur, it stimulates its muscles to heighten its reaction speed.
Electrike stores electricity in its fur. It gives off sparks from all over its body in seasons when the air is dry.
Friction between the air and its fur produces static electricity. When Electrike runs, it makes a crackling sound.
Static electricity builds up all over Electrike's body as strands of its long fur rub together. This Pokémon boasts incredible speed.
Electrike stores electricity in its fur. It gives off sparks from all over its body in seasons when the air is dry.

Manectric is constantly discharging electricity from its mane. The sparks sometimes ignite forest fires. When it enters a battle, this Pokémon creates thunderclouds.
Manectric discharges strong electricity from its mane. The mane is used for collecting electricity in the atmosphere. This Pokémon creates thunderclouds above its head.
Because lightning falls in their vicinities, Manectric were thought to have been born from lightning. In battle, they create thunderclouds.
Manectric rarely appears before people. It is said to nest where lightning has fallen.
Manectric discharges electricity from its mane. It creates a thundercloud overhead to drop lightning bolts.
Manectric's nest can be found where a thunderbolt hits. It is discharging electricity from its mane.
Manectric can be found beneath unnatural thunderclouds. People say it can run at the same speed as lightning striking.
Manectric stimulates its own muscles with electricity, so it can move quickly. It eases its soreness with electricity, too, so it can recover quickly as well.
Mega Evolution fills its body with a tremendous amount of electricity, but it's too much for Manectric to fully control.
Too much electricity has built up in its body, irritating Manectric. Its explosive speed is equal to that of a lightning bolt.

Plusle always acts as a cheerleader for its partners. Whenever a teammate puts out a good effort in battle, this Pokémon shorts out its body to create the crackling noises of sparks to show its joy.
When Plusle is cheering on its partner, it flashes with electric sparks from all over its body. If its partner loses, this Pokémon cries loudly.
Plusle has the trait of cheering on its fellow Pokémon. By shorting out the electricity it releases from its paws, it creates pom-poms for cheering.
Plusle cheers on partners while scattering sparks from its body. It climbs telephone poles to absorb electricity.
Plusle cheers on friends with pom-poms made of sparks. It drains power from telephone poles.
Plusle absorbs electricity from telephone poles. It shorts out its body to create crackling noises.
When Plusle is cheering on its partner, it flashes with electric sparks from all over its body. If its partner loses, this Pokémon cries loudly.

Minun is more concerned about cheering on its partners than its own safety. It shorts out the electricity in its body to create brilliant showers of sparks to cheer on its teammates.
Minun loves to cheer on its partner in battle. It gives off sparks from its body while it is doing so. If its partner is in trouble, this Pokémon gives off increasing amounts of sparks.
At a meeting of Pokémon academics, it was announced that simultaneous exposure to electricity from a Plusle and Minun will promote circulation and boost vitality.
Minun's dislike of water makes it take shelter under the eaves of houses in rain. It uses pom-poms made of sparks for cheering.
Minun cheers on its friends. If its friends are losing, its body lets off more and more sparks.
Exposure to electricity from Minun and Plusle promotes blood circulation and relaxes muscles.
Minun cheers on friends. If its friends are losing, its body lets off more and more sparks.
Minun loves to cheer on its partner in battle. It gives off sparks from its body while it is doing so. If its partner is in trouble, this Pokémon gives off increasing amounts of sparks.

With the arrival of night, Volbeat emits light from its tail. It communicates with others by adjusting the intensity and flashing of its light. This Pokémon is attracted by the sweet aroma of Illumise.
Volbeat's tail glows like a lightbulb. With other Volbeat, it uses its tail to draw geometric shapes in the night sky. This Pokémon loves the sweet aroma given off by Illumise.
With their taillights lit, Volbeat fly in a swarm, drawing geometric designs in the night sky. They move their nests if their pond water becomes dirty.
Volbeat lives around clean ponds. At night, its rear lights up. It converses with others by flashing its light.
Volbeat communicates with others by lighting up its rear at night. It loves Illumise's sweet aroma.
Volbeat emits light from its tail to communicate. It loves the sweet aroma given off by Illumise.
Volbeat’s tail glows like a lightbulb. With other Volbeat, it uses its tail to draw geometric shapes in the night sky. This Pokémon loves the sweet aroma given off by Illumise.

Illumise attracts a swarm of Volbeat using a sweet fragrance. Once the Volbeat have gathered, this Pokémon leads the lit-up swarm in drawing geometric designs on the canvas of the night sky.
Illumise leads a flight of illuminated Volbeat to draw signs in the night sky. This Pokémon is said to earn greater respect from its peers by composing more complex designs in the sky.
A nocturnal Pokémon that becomes active upon nightfall. Illumise leads a Volbeat swarm to draw patterns in the night sky. Over 200 different patterns have been confirmed.
Illumise guides Volbeat to draw signs in night skies. There are scientists that study the patterns it creates.
With Illumise's sweet aroma, it guides Volbeat to draw signs with light in the night sky.
Illumise's fragrance attracts a swarm of Volbeat, so they draw over 200 patterns in the night sky.
Illumise leads a flight of illuminated Volbeat to draw signs in the night sky. This Pokémon is said to earn greater respect from its peers by composing more complex designs in the sky.

Roselia shoots sharp thorns as projectiles at any opponent that tries to steal the flowers on its arms. The aroma of this Pokémon brings serenity to living things.
On extremely rare occasions, a Roselia is said to appear with its flowers in unusual colors. The thorns on this Pokémon's head contain a vicious poison.
A Roselia that drinks nutritionally rich springwater blooms with lovely flowers. The fragrance of its flowers has the effect of making its foes careless.
Its flowers give off a relaxing fragrance. The stronger its aroma, the healthier the Roselia is.
Roselia raised on clean drinking water are known to grow vividly colored flowers.
The beautiful flowers on Roselia's arms have toxic thorns. Don't even think about picking those flowers.
The more healthy the Roselia, the more pleasant its flowers' aroma. Its scent deeply relaxes people.
Roselia that drink nutritionally rich springwater are said to reveal rare coloration when they bloom.
Roselia uses the different poisons in each hand separately when it attacks. The stronger its aroma, the healthier it is.
Roselia uses the different poisons in each hand separately when it attacks. The stronger its aroma, the healthier it is.

Virtually all of Gulpin's body is its stomach. As a result, it can swallow something its own size. This Pokémon's stomach contains a special fluid that digests anything.
Most of Gulpin's body is made up of its stomach - its heart and brain are very small in comparison. This Pokémon's stomach contains special enzymes that dissolve anything.
Gulpin's stomach fluid can even digest scrap iron. In one gulp, it can swallow something that is as large as itself.
There is nothing Gulpin's stomach can't digest. While it is digesting, vile, overpowering gases are expelled.
Almost all of Gulpin's body is its stomach. Its harsh digestive juices quickly dissolve anything it swallows.
Gulpin has a small heart and brain. Its stomach comprises most of its body, with enzymes to dissolve anything.
Virtually all of Gulpin’s body is its stomach. As a result, it can swallow something its own size. This Pokémon’s stomach contains a special fluid that digests anything.
Most of Gulpin’s body is made up of its stomach—its heart and brain are very small in comparison. This Pokémon’s stomach contains special enzymes that dissolve anything.

When Swalot spots prey, it spurts out a hideously toxic fluid from its pores and sprays the target. Once the prey has weakened, this Pokémon gulps it down whole with its cavernous mouth.
Swalot has no teeth, so what it eats, it swallows whole, no matter what. Its cavernous mouth yawns widely. An automobile tire could easily fit inside this Pokémon's mouth.
Its powerful stomach acid is capable of digesting almost anything. The one thing in the whole world a Swalot can't digest is its own stomach.
Swalot can swallow a tire whole in one gulp. It secretes a horribly toxic fluid from the pores on its body.
Swalot swallows anything whole. It sweats toxic fluids from its follicles to douse foes.
Swalot gulps anything that fits in its mouth. Its special enzymes can dissolve anything.
Swalot has no teeth, so what it eats, it swallows whole, no matter what. Its cavernous mouth yawns widely. An automobile tire could easily fit inside this Pokémon’s mouth.

Carvanha's strongly developed jaws and its sharply pointed fangs pack the destructive power to rip out boat hulls. Many boats have been attacked and sunk by this Pokémon.
If anything invades Carvanha's territory, it will swarm and tear at the intruder with its pointed fangs. On its own, however, this Pokémon turns suddenly timid.
Carvanha attack ships in swarms, making them sink. Although it is said to be a very vicious Pokémon, it timidly flees as soon as it finds itself alone.
Carvanha lives in massive rivers that course through jungles. It swarms prey that enter its territory.
Carvanha swarm any foe that invades their territory. Their sharp fangs can tear out boat hulls.
Carvanha form packs to attack boats and rip out their hulls to sink them. They live in rivers in the jungle.
Each school has Carvanha's own territory. Any intruders are mercilessly attacked with fangs bared.
If Carvanha scent the faintest trace of blood, they rush to attack en masse. When alone, they're rather cowardly.
Carvanha're such cowards that they won't hunt alone.
With Carvanha's sturdy jaws and fangs, it can easily chomp wooden boats to splinters. It fights with Basculin over food.

Nicknamed "the bully of the sea," Sharpedo is widely feared. Its cruel fangs grow back immediately if they snap off. Just one of these Pokémon can thoroughly tear apart a supertanker.
Sharpedo can swim at speeds of up to 75 mph by jetting seawater out of its backside. This Pokémon's drawback is its inability to swim long distances.
The vicious and sly gangster of the sea. Sharpedo's skin is specially textured to minimize drag in water. Its speed tops out at over 75 mph per hour.
The ruffian of the seas, Sharpedo has fangs that crunch through iron. It swims by jetting water from its rear.
Sharpedo's fangs rip through sheet iron. It swims at 75 mph and is known as "The Bully of the Sea.
Sharpedo can swim at speeds of 75 mph by jetting seawater through its body. It is the bandit of the sea.
Sharpedo can swim at speeds of up to 75 mph by jetting seawater out of its backside. This Pokémon’s drawback is its inability to swim long distances.
Sharpedo pursues its prey at speeds of 75 mph and finishes them off with fangs that can crush iron. It is known as the bully of the sea.
Sharpedo has a sad history. In the past, its dorsal fin was a treasured foodstuff, so this Pokémon became a victim of overfishing.
People believe that carrying one of Sharpedo's discarded fangs will prevent mishaps at sea, so the fangs are made into accessories.
Sharpedo drinks in seawater and jets it from its rear to propel itself. It's very sensitive to the scent of blood.
The spines sprouting from Sharpedo's head are transformed fangs. If they're injured or broken off, the spines will regenerate countless times.
As a consequence of Mega Evolution, Sharpedo's combative instincts exploded. The yellow marks it bears are scars from a long history of battles.
The yellow patterns Sharpedo bears are old scars. The energy from Mega Evolution runs through them, causing it sharp pain and suffering.
The moment it charges into its opponent, sharp spikes pop out of Sharpedo's head, leaving its opponent with deep wounds.

Wailmer's nostrils are located above its eyes. This playful Pokémon loves to startle people by forcefully snorting out seawater it stores inside its body out of its nostrils.
Wailmer can store water inside its body to transform itself into a ball for bouncing on the ground. By filling itself up with more water, this Pokémon can elevate the height of its bounces.
While Wailmer usually lives in the sea, it can survive on land, although not too long. It loses vitality if its body becomes dried out.
When Wailmer sucks in a large volume of seawater, it becomes like a big, bouncy ball. It eats a ton of food daily.
On sunny days, Wailmer lands on beaches to bounce like a ball and play. It spouts water from its nose.
Wailmer bounces playfully like a ball. The more seawater it swallows, the higher it bounces.
Wailmer eats one ton of food every day. It plays by shooting stored seawater out its blowholes with great force.
Wailmer can store water inside its body to transform itself into a ball for bouncing around on the ground. By filling itself up with more water, this Pokémon can elevate the height of its bounces.
Wailmer loves to startle people. It fills itself up with seawater and plays by bouncing around like a ball.
Wailmer shows off by spraying jets of seawater from the nostrils above its eyes. It eats a solid ton of Wishiwashi every day.
Wailmer swims along with its mouth open and swallows down seawater along with its food. It sprays excess water out of its nostrils.
Due to their memories of when Wailmer once lived on land, pods of them will, very rarely, wash up on shore.
When Wailmer sucks in a large volume of seawater, it becomes like a big, bouncy ball. It eats a ton of food daily.

Wailord is the largest of all identified Pokémon up to now. This giant Pokémon swims languorously in the vast open sea, eating massive amounts of food at once with its enormous mouth.
When chasing prey, Wailord herds them by leaping out of the water and making a humongous splash. It is breathtaking to see this Pokémon leaping out of the sea with others in its pod.
It breathes through nostrils that it raises above the sea. By inhaling to its maximum capacity, a Wailord can dive close to 10,000 feet beneath the waves.
Wailord is among the largest of all Pokémon. It herds prey in a pack then swallows the massed prey in one gulp.
The biggest of all Pokémon. Wailord can dive to a depth of almost 10,000 feet on only one breath.
Wailord is the largest of all identified Pokémon. They jump as a pack to herd their prey.
Wailord can sometimes knock out opponents with the shock created by breaching and crashing its big body onto the water.
Wailord pursue their prey in pods. With their large mouths, they can swallow entire schools of Wishiwashi whole.
Its immense size is the reason for its popularity. Wailord watching is a favorite sightseeing activity in various parts of the world.
They eat so many fish Pokémon that when Wailord become too numerous, fishermen have to chase them off.
When a small Wailmer is attacked by Sharpedo or Dhelmise, Wailord's whole pod works together to protect it.
Its immense size is the reason for its popularity. Wailord watching is a favorite sightseeing activity in various parts of the world.

Numel is extremely dull witted - it doesn't notice being hit. However, it can't stand hunger for even a second. This Pokémon's body is a seething cauldron of boiling magma.
Numel stores magma of almost 2,200 degrees F within its body. If it gets wet, the magma cools and hardens. In that event, the Pokémon's body grows heavy and its movements become sluggish.
A Numel stores boiling magma in the hump on its back. It is a hardy Pokémon that can transport a 220-pound load. It has served humans at work since long ago.
Magma of almost 2,200 degrees Fahrenheit courses through Numel's body. When it grows cold, the magma hardens and slows it.
Numel's humped back stores intensely hot magma. In rain, the magma cools, slowing its movement.
The flaming magma Numel stores in the hump on its back is the source of its tremendous power.
The magma in Numel's body reaches 2,200 degrees F. Its hump gets smaller when it uses Fire-type moves.
The magma in Numel's body reaches 2,200 degrees Fahrenheit. Its hump gets smaller when it uses Fire-type moves.
Numel is extremely dull witted—it doesn’t notice being hit. However, it can’t stand hunger for even a second. This Pokémon’s body is a seething cauldron of boiling magma.
Numel stores magma of almost 2,200 degrees Fahrenheit within its body. If it gets wet, the magma cools and hardens. In that event, the Pokémon’s body grows heavy and its movements become sluggish.

Camerupt has a volcano inside its body. Magma of 18,000 degrees F courses through its body. Occasionally, the humps on this Pokémon's back erupt, spewing the superheated magma.
The humps on Camerupt's back are formed by a transformation of its bones. They sometimes blast out molten magma. This Pokémon apparently erupts often when it is enraged.
A Pokémon that lives in the crater of a volcano. Every 10 years, the volcanoes on Camerupt's back erupt violently. Research is under way on the cause of eruption.
If angered, the humps on Camerupt's back erupt in a shower of molten lava. It lives in the craters of volcanoes.
Camerupt has volcanoes on its back. If magma builds up in its body, it shudders, then erupts violently.
Camerupt lives in the crater of a volcano. It is well known that the humps on its back erupt every 10 years.
The volcanoes on Camerupt's back have a major eruption every 10 years -- or whenever it becomes really angry.
The volcanoes on Camerupt's back have a major eruption every 10 years--or whenever it becomes really angry.
Camerupt has a volcano inside its body. Magma of 18,000 degrees Fahrenheit courses through its body. Occasionally, the humps on this Pokémon's back erupt, spewing the superheated magma.
The humps on Camerupt's back are formed by a transformation of its bones. They sometimes blast out molten magma. This Pokémon apparently erupts often when it is enraged.

Torkoal digs through mountains in search of coal. If it finds some, it fills hollow spaces on its shell with the coal and burns it. If it is attacked, this Pokémon spouts thick black smoke to beat a retreat.
Torkoal generates energy by burning coal. It grows weaker as the fire dies down. When it is preparing for battle, this Pokémon burns more coal.
Torkoal battles using energy it gets from burning coal. When loosing smoke from its nostrils, it lets off a sound that is similar to a locomotive's horn.
Torkoal burns coal inside its shell. If it is attacked, it belches thick, black smoke and flees.
Torkoal burns coal inside its shell for energy. It blows out black soot if it is endangered.
You find abandoned coal mines full of Torkoal. They dig tirelessly in search of coal.
Coal is the source of Torkoal's energy. Large amounts of coal can be found in the mountains where they live.
If the fire burning within Torkoal's shell goes out, it will die. Those who wish to raise one in their home must always keep something flammable at hand.
You can tell how Torkoal's feeling by the smoke spouting from its shell. Tremendous velocity is a sign of good health.
Torkoal burns coal to produce energy. When it has burned through all of its coal, it becomes unable to move.
You find abandoned coal mines full of Torkoal. They dig tirelessly in search of coal.

Spoink bounces around on its tail. The shock of its bouncing makes its heart pump. As a result, this Pokémon cannot afford to stop bouncing - if it stops, its heart will stop.
Spoink keeps a pearl on top of its head. The pearl functions to amplify this Pokémon's psychokinetic powers. It is therefore on a constant search for a bigger pearl.
A Pokémon that manipulates psychic power at will. Spoink doesn't stop bouncing even when it is asleep. It loves eating mushrooms that grow underground.
Spoink apparently dies if it stops bouncing about. It carries a pearl from Clamperl on its head.
Spoink bounces constantly, using its tail as a spring. The shock of bouncing keeps its heart beating.
Spoink bounces around on its tail to keep its heart pumping. It carries a pearl from Clamperl on its head.
Spoink bounces constantly, using its tail like a spring. The shock of bouncing keeps its heart beating.
Using Spoink's tail like a spring, it keeps its heart beating by bouncing constantly. If it stops, it dies.
Spoink bounces around on its tail. The shock of its bouncing makes its heart pump. As a result, this Pokémon cannot afford to stop bouncing—if it stops, its heart will stop.
Spoink keeps a pearl on top of its head. The pearl functions to amplify this Pokémon’s psychokinetic powers. It is therefore on a constant search for a bigger pearl.

Grumpig uses the black pearls on its body to amplify its psychic power waves for gaining total control over its foe. When this Pokémon uses its special power, its snorting breath grows labored.
Grumpig uses the black pearls on its body to wield its fantastic powers. When it is doing so, it dances bizarrely. This Pokémon's black pearls are valuable as works of art.
Grumpig stores power in the black pearls on its forehead. When it uses psychic power, it performs an odd dance step. Its style of dancing became hugely popular overseas.
Grumpig can gain control over foes by doing odd dance steps. The black pearls on its forehead are precious gems.
Grumpig uses black pearls to amplify its psycho-power. It does an odd dance to gain control over foes.
Grumpig can perform odd dance steps to influence foes. Its style of dancing became hugely popular overseas.
Grumpig uses black pearls to amplify its psychic power. It does an odd dance to gain control over foes.
Grumpig uses black pearls to amplify its psychic power. It does a strange dance to control foes' minds.
Grumpig uses the black pearls on its body to wield its fantastic powers. When it is doing so, it dances bizarrely. This Pokémon’s black pearls are valuable as works of art.

All the Spinda that exist in the world are said to have utterly unique spot patterns. The shaky, tottering steps of this Pokémon give it the appearance of dancing.
No two Spinda are said to have identical spot patterns on their hides. This Pokémon moves in a curious manner as if it is stumbling in dizziness. Its lurching movements can cause the opponent to become confused.
Spinda is distinguished by a pattern of spots that is always different. Its unsteady, tottering walk has the effect of fouling its foe's aim.
No two Spinda are said to have identical patterns. It confuses foes with its stumbling motions.
No two Spinda have the same pattern of spots. Its tottering step fouls the aim of foes.
The chances of two Spinda having identical spot patterns is less than one in four billion.
Its steps are staggering and unsteady, but Spinda thinks it's walking in a straight line.
Each and every Spinda has a slightly different configuration of spots. There are collectors who enjoy the tiny differences in their spot patterns.
Spinda's steps are shaky and stumbling. Walking for a long time makes it feel sick.
Each Spinda's spot pattern is different.

Trapinch's nest is a sloped, bowl-like pit dug in sand. This Pokémon patiently waits for prey to tumble down the pit. Its giant jaws have enough strength to crush even boulders.
Trapinch is a patient hunter. It digs an inescapable pit in a desert and waits for its prey to come tumbling down. This Pokémon can go a whole week without access to any water.
Trapinch's big jaws crunch through boulders. Because its head is so big, it has a hard time getting back upright if it tips over onto its back.
Trapinch lives in arid deserts. It makes a sloping pit trap in sand where it patiently awaits prey.
Trapinch makes a conical pit in desert sand and lies in wait at the bottom for prey to come tumbling down.
Trapinch's nest is a sloped, bowl-like pit in the desert. Once something has fallen in, there is no escape.
Trapinch makes an inescapable conical pit and lies in wait at the bottom for prey to come tumbling down.
Trapinch can live for a week without eating a thing. It waits patiently at the bottom of its nest for prey to appear.
As Trapinch digs through the sand, its giant jaws crush any rocks that obstruct its path. It builds a funnel-shaped nest.
Trapinch's jaws are strong enough to crush rocks but so heavy that it can't get up if it flips over. Sandile seize those moments as their chance.
Trapinch builds nests that double as traps, lying in wait for its prey to get caught. When night falls, it digs itself a spot beneath the sand to sleep.
Trapinch makes an inescapable conical pit and lies in wait at the bottom for prey to come tumbling down.

To make prey faint, Vibrava generates ultrasonic waves by vigorously making its two wings vibrate. This Pokémon's ultrasonic waves are so powerful, they can bring on headaches in people.
Vibrava's wings have not yet completed the process of growing. Rather than flying long distances, they are more useful for generating ultrasonic waves by vibrating.
It looses ultrasonic waves by rubbing its wings together. Since a Vibrava's wings are still in the process of growing, it can only fly short distances.
Vibrava generates ultrasonic waves by violently flapping its wings. After making its prey faint, it melts the prey with acid.
Vibrava violently shudders its wings, generating ultrasonic waves to induce headaches in people.
Vibrava vibrates its wings vigorously, creating ultrasonic waves that cause serious headaches.
The ultrasonic waves Vibrava generates by rubbing its two wings together cause severe headaches.
Rather than using Vibrava's underdeveloped wings for flight, it rubs them together, producing ultrasonic waves to attack its enemies.
To help make Vibrava's wings grow, it dissolves quantities of prey in its digestive juices and guzzles them down every day.
Vibrava vibrates its wings to generate ultrasonic waves, causing its prey to faint. Then it buries the prey alive in the sand to preserve it.
Vibrava vibrates its wings to send out odd sound waves. Trainers who are with it need earplugs.
To help make Vibrava's wings grow, it dissolves quantities of prey in its digestive juices and guzzles them down every day.

Flygon is nicknamed "the elemental spirit of the desert." Because its flapping wings whip up a cloud of sand, this Pokémon is always enveloped in a sandstorm while flying.
Flygon whips up a sandstorm by flapping its wings. The wings create a series of notes that sound like singing. Because the "singing" is the only thing that can be heard in a sandstorm, this Pokémon is said to be the desert spirit.
The flapping of Flygon's wings sounds like singing. To prevent detection by enemies, it hides itself by flapping up a cloud of desert sand.
Flygon hides itself by kicking up desert sand with its wings. Red covers shield its eyes from sand.
Flygon whips up sandstorms with powerful flaps of its wings. It is known as "The Desert Spirit.
Flygon is nicknamed "The Desert Spirit" because the flapping of its wings sounds like a woman singing.
Known as "The Desert Spirit," Flygon hides in the sandstorms it causes by beating its wings.
Flygon is nicknamed “the elemental spirit of the desert.” Because its flapping wings whip up a cloud of sand, this Pokémon is always enveloped in a sandstorm while flying.
Flygon whips up a sandstorm by flapping its wings. The wings create a series of notes that sound like singing. Because the “singing” is the only thing that can be heard in a sandstorm, this Pokémon is said to be the desert spirit.
The flapping of its wings sounds something like singing. Those lured by the sound are enveloped in a sandstorm, becoming Flygon's prey.
Flygon hides in the heart of sandstorms it creates and seldom appears where people can see it.
By flapping their wings, Flygon cause sandstorms that conceal Krookodile. The team then splits the prey they catch.
People continue to have their hearts stolen by Flygon's enchanting songs and find themselves stranded in the desert.
Flygon is nicknamed the Desert Spirit because the flapping of its wings sounds like a woman singing.

Cacnea lives in arid locations such as deserts. It releases a strong aroma from its flower to attract prey. When prey comes near, this Pokémon shoots sharp thorns from its body to bring the victim down.
The more arid and harsh the environment, the more pretty and fragrant a flower Cacnea grows. This Pokémon battles by wildly swinging its thorny arms.
Cacnea live in deserts with virtually no rainfall. It battles by swinging its thick, spiked arms. Once a year, a yellow flower blooms.
Cacnea prefers harsh environments such as deserts. It can survive for 30 days on water stored in its body.
By storing water in Cacnea's body, this desert dweller can survive for 30 days without water.
Cacnea lives in arid locations. Its yellow flowers bloom once a year.
The more arid and harsh the environment, the more pretty and fragrant a flower Cacnea grows. This Pokémon battles by wildly swinging its thorny arms.

During the daytime, Cacturne remains unmoving so that it does not lose any moisture to the harsh desert sun. This Pokémon becomes active at night when the temperature drops.
If a traveler is going through a desert in the thick of night, Cacturne will follow in a ragtag group. The Pokémon are biding their time, waiting for the traveler to tire and become incapable of moving.
After spending thousands of years in harsh deserts, Cacturne's blood transformed into the same substances as sand. It is nocturnal, so it hunts at night.
Cacturne lives in deserts. It becomes active at night when it hunts for prey exhausted from the desert's heat.
Cacturne becomes active at night, seeking prey that is exhausted from the day's desert heat.
Packs of Cacturne follow travelers through the desert until the travelers can no longer move.
If a traveler is going through a desert in the thick of night, Cacturne will follow in a ragtag group. The Pokémon are biding their time, waiting for the traveler to tire and become incapable of moving.

Swablu has light and fluffy wings that are like cottony clouds. This Pokémon is not frightened of people. It lands on the heads of people and sits there like a cotton-fluff hat.
Swablu loves to make things clean. If it spots something dirty, it will wipe and polish it with its cottony wings. If its wings become dirty, this Pokémon finds a stream and showers itself.
A Pokémon that has wings like cottony clouds. After enduring winter, in which little food is available, Swablu flocks move closer to towns in the spring.
Swablu constantly grooms its cotton-like wings. It takes a shower to clean itself if it becomes dirty.
Swablu's wings are like cotton tufts. If it perches on someone's head, it looks like a cotton hat.
Swablu can't relax if it or its surroundings are not clean. It wipes off dirt with its wings.
Swablu's wings bring cottony clouds to mind. It grooms with springwater and loves to sit on heads.
For some reason, Swablu likes to land on people's heads softly and act like it's a hat.
Swablu loves to make things clean. If it spots something dirty, it will wipe and polish it with its cottony wings. If its wings become dirty, this Pokémon finds a stream and showers itself.

Altaria dances and wheels through the sky among billowing, cotton-like clouds. By singing melodies in its crystal-clear voice, this Pokémon makes its listeners experience dreamy wonderment.
Altaria sings in a gorgeous soprano. Its wings are like cotton clouds. This Pokémon catches updrafts with its buoyant wings and soars way up into the wild blue yonder.
Altaria hums in a beautiful soprano voice. It flies among white clouds in the blue sky. It launches intensely hot fireballs from its mouth.
If you hear a beautiful melody trilling deep among mountains far from people, it is Altaria's humming.
Altaria looks like a fluffy cloud when it is in flight. It hums with its soprano voice.
If Altaria bonds with a person, it will gently envelop the friend with its soft wings, then hum.
Altaria flies gracefully through the sky. Its melodic humming makes you feel like you're in a dream.
On sunny days, Altaria flies freely through the sky and blends into the clouds. It sings in a beautiful soprano.
Altaria sings in a gorgeous soprano. Its wings are like cotton clouds. This Pokémon catches updrafts with its buoyant wings and soars way up into the wild blue yonder.

Memories of battling its arch-rival Seviper are etched into every cell of Zangoose's body. This Pokémon adroitly dodges attacks with incredible agility.
Zangoose usually stays on all fours, but when angered, it gets up on its hind legs and extends its claws. This Pokémon shares a bitter rivalry with Seviper that dates back over generations.
When Zangoose battles, it stands on its hind legs and attacks with its sharply clawed forelegs. Its fur bristles if it encounters any Seviper.
If Zangoose comes across a Seviper, its fur bristles and it assumes its battle pose. Its sharp claws are its best weapon.
Zangoose has feuded with Seviper for many generations. Its sharp claws are its biggest weapons.
Zangoose's fur would all stand on end if it smelled a Seviper nearby. Its sharp claws tear up its foes.
Zangoose's Seviper's archrival. To threaten those it encounters, it fans out the claws on its front paws.
Memories of battling its archrival Seviper are etched into every cell of Zangoose’s body. This Pokémon adroitly dodges attacks with incredible agility.
Zangoose usually stays on all fours, but when angered, it gets up on its hind legs and extends its claws. This Pokémon shares a bitter rivalry with Seviper that dates back over generations.

Seviper shares a generations-long feud with Zangoose. The scars on its body are evidence of vicious battles. This Pokémon attacks using its sword-edged tail.
Seviper's swordlike tail serves two purposes - it slashes foes and douses them with secreted poison. This Pokémon will not give up its long-running blood feud with Zangoose.
Seviper and Zangoose are eternal rivals. It counters a Zangoose's dazzling agility with its swordlike tail, which also oozes a horrible poison.
Seviper sharpens its swordlike tail on hard rocks. It hides in tall grass and strikes unwary prey with venomous fangs.
For many generations, Seviper has feuded with Zangoose. It whets its bladed tail on rocks for battle.
In battle, Seviper uses its bladed tail to counter any Zangoose. It secretes a deadly venom in its tail.
Constant polishing makes the edge of the blade on Seviper's tail extremely sharp. It's Zangoose's archrival.
Seviper's swordlike tail serves two purposes—it slashes foes and douses them with secreted poison. This Pokémon will not give up its long-running blood feud with Zangoose.

Lunatone was discovered at a location where a meteorite fell. As a result, some people theorize that this Pokémon came from space. However, no one has been able to prove this theory so far.
Lunatone becomes active around the time of the full moon. Instead of walking, it moves by floating in midair using telekinesis. The Pokémon's intimidating red eyes cause all those who see it to become transfixed with fear.
Lunatone becomes very active on the night of a full moon. This Pokémon was first discovered 40 years ago at the site of a meteor strike.
Lunatone's health ebbs and flows with the lunar cycle. It brims with power when exposed to the light of the full moon.
Because Lunatone turns active on nights of the full moon, it is said to have some link to the lunar phases.
Lunatone was discovered at the site of a meteor strike 40 years ago. Its stare can lull its foes to sleep.
The phase of the moon apparently has some effect on Lunatone's power. It's active on the night of a full moon.
Lunatone was discovered at a location where a meteoroid fell. As a result, some people theorize that this Pokémon came from space. However, no one has been able to prove this theory so far.
Lunatone becomes active around the time of the full moon. Instead of walking, it moves by floating in midair. The Pokémon's intimidating red eyes cause all those who see it to become transfixed with fear.
Lunatone was discovered at the site of a meteor strike 40 years ago. Its stare can lull its foes to sleep.

Solrock is a new species of Pokémon that is said to have fallen from space. It floats in the air and moves silently. In battle, this Pokémon releases intensely bright light.
Sunlight is the source of Solrock's power. It is said to possess the ability to read the emotions of others. This Pokémon gives off intense heat while rotating its body.
Solar energy is the source of this Pokémon's power. On sunny days, groups of Solrock line up facing the sun and absorb its light.
Solrock absorbs solar energy during the day. Always expressionless, it can sense what its foe is thinking.
A new Pokémon species, rumored to be from the sun. Solrock gives off light while spinning.
When Solrock rotates itself, it gives off light similar to the sun, thus blinding its foes.
Solar energy is the source of Solrock's power, so it is strong during the daytime. When it spins, its body shines.
Solrock is a new species of Pokémon that is said to have fallen from space. It floats in air and moves silently. In battle, this Pokémon releases intensely bright light.
Solar energy is the source of Solrock's power, so it is strong during the daytime. When it spins, its body shines.

Barboach's sensitive whiskers serve as a superb radar system. This Pokémon hides in mud, leaving only its two whiskers exposed while it waits for prey to come along.
Barboach's body is covered with a slimy film. If a foe grabs it, this Pokémon just slips out of the enemy's grip. This Pokémon grows weak if the slimy coating dries up.
Its body is covered with a slimy film. The film acts as a barrier to prevent germs in muddy water from entering the Barboach's body.
Barboach probes muddy riverbeds with its two long whiskers. A slimy film protects its body.
Barboach coats its entire body with a slimy fluid so it can squirm and slip away if grabbed.
Barboach's whiskers make a superb radar. They are used to locate prey, even in the murkiest of water.
Barboach's slimy body is hard to grasp. In one region, it is said to have been born from hardened mud.
Barboach uses its whiskers to taste things just as a person uses his or her tongue to taste things.
Barboach's two whiskers provide a sensitive radar. Even in muddy waters, it can detect its prey's location.
Barboach's slippery body is hard to grasp, so much so that there are festivals where people compete to see how many they can catch barehanded.
Barboach's entire body is gooey. When pecked at by bird Pokémon, it slips and slides its way to freedom.
Barboach's whiskers are filled with nerves. They can sense smells and flavors just as a person's nose or tongue would.
Barboach probes muddy riverbeds with its two long whiskers. A slimy film protects its body.

Whiscash is extremely territorial. Just one of these Pokémon will claim a large pond as its exclusive territory. If a foe approaches it, it thrashes about and triggers a massive earthquake.
If Whiscash goes on a wild rampage, it sets off a quake-like tremor with a radius of over three miles. This Pokémon has the ability to predict real earthquakes.
Mysteriously, Whiscash can foretell earthquakes. In the daytime, it sleeps in mud at the bottom of a pond. When it awakens, it continually feeds throughout the night.
It makes its nest at the bottom of swamps. It will eat anything - if it is alive, Whiscash will eat it.
Whiscash is very territorial. It repels foes by setting off tremors that extend over a three-mile radius.
As a result of causing tremors by thrashing about, Whiscash developed the ability to foretell real earthquakes.
Whiscash is extremely protective of its territory. If any foe approaches, it attacks using vicious tremors.
Whiscash claims a large swamp to itself. If a foe comes near it, it sets off tremors by thrashing around.
A glutton that devours anything that moves, Whiscash quietly lurks at the bottom of swamps, lying in wait for prey.
Sighting Whiscash leaping from the water is believed to herald an earthquake.
Whiscash shakes the ground at high intensities to intimidate its opponents. It swallows its prey whole—along with mud from the swamp floor.
Whiscash's vision is not that good. It senses vibrations in the water with its whiskers to determine the location of its prey.
It makes its nest at the bottom of swamps. It will eat anything—if it is alive, Whiscash will eat it.
Whiscash claims a large swamp to itself. If a foe comes near it, it sets off tremors by thrashing around.

Corphish were originally foreign Pokémon that were imported as pets. They eventually turned up in the wild. This Pokémon is very hardy and has greatly increased its population.
Corphish catches prey with its sharp claws. It has no likes or dislikes when it comes to food - it will eat anything. This Pokémon has no trouble living in filthy water.
Once Corphish grips prey with its large pincers, it will never let go, no matter what. It is a hardy Pokémon that can thrive in any environment.
Corphish came from overseas. It is a very hardy creature that will quickly proliferate, even in polluted streams.
Corphish's hardy vitality enables it to adapt to any environment. Its pincers will never release prey.
Corphish was originally a Pokémon from afar that escaped to the wild. It can adapt to the dirtiest river.
No matter how dirty the water in the river, Corphish will adapt and thrive. It has a strong will to survive.
Corphish catches prey with its sharp claws. It has no likes or dislikes when it comes to food—it will eat anything. This Pokémon has no trouble living in filthy water.
Individuals that have been set free by Trainers who could no longer raise Corphish have become common, and they can now be found in Alola.
It can adapt very well to its environment. Feebas and Corphish are about the only Pokémon to live in stagnant ditches.
Corphish was originally a Pokémon from afar that escaped to the wild. It can adapt to the dirtiest river.

Crawdaunt has an extremely violent nature that compels it to challenge other living things to battle. Other life-forms refuse to live in ponds inhabited by this Pokémon, making them desolate places.
Crawdaunt molts (sheds) its shell regularly. Immediately after molting, its shell is soft and tender. Until the shell hardens, this Pokémon hides in its streambed burrow to avoid attack from its foes.
A brutish Pokémon that loves to battle. A veteran Crawdaunt that has prevailed in hundreds of battles has giant pincers marked with countless scars.
A rough customer that wildly flails Crawdaunt's giant claws. It is said to be extremely hard to raise.
Crawdaunt is a ruffian that uses its pincers to pick up and toss out other Pokémon from its pond.
A brutish Pokémon that loves to battle. Crawdaunt will crash itself into any foe that approaches its nest.
Loving to battle, Crawdaunt pinches all Pokémon that enter its territory with its pincers and throws them out.
Crawdaunt's temperament is rough and it loves to fight, but as soon as its pincers break off, it turns cowardly. It stays timid until they grow back.
Crawdaunt's pincers often fall off. Unlike with Crabrawler or Clauncher, the meat in its claws is utterly nasty and stinking.
A brutish Pokémon that loves to battle. Crawdaunt will crash itself into any foe that approaches its nest.

Baltoy moves while spinning around on its one foot. Primitive wall paintings depicting this Pokémon living among people were discovered in some ancient ruins.
As soon as it spots others of its kind, Baltoy congregates with them and then begins crying noisily in unison. This Pokémon sleeps while cleverly balancing itself on its one foot.
A Baltoy moves by spinning on its single foot. It has been depicted in murals adorning the walls of a once-bustling city in an ancient age.
Baltoy was discovered in ancient ruins. While moving, it constantly spins. It stands on one foot even when asleep.
Baltoy moves by spinning on its foot. It is a rare Pokémon that was discovered in ancient ruins.
It moves while spinning around on its single foot. Some Baltoy have been seen spinning on their heads.
Discovered in ancient ruins, Baltoy moves by spinning around and forms a group when it finds others.
Depictions of Pokémon similar to Baltoy have been found on the walls of caves where primitive humans lived.
When Baltoy find others of their kind, they cry out loudly and gather together. Large numbers of them can be found in old graveyards.
Baltoy was discovered in ancient ruins. While moving, it constantly spins. It stands on one foot even when asleep.

Claydol are said to be dolls of mud made by primitive humans and brought to life by exposure to a mysterious ray. This Pokémon moves about while levitating.
Claydol is an enigma that appeared from a clay statue made by an ancient civilization dating back 20,000 years. This Pokémon shoots beams from both its hands.
A Claydol sleeps while hovering in midair. Its arms are separate from its body. They are kept floating by the Pokémon's manipulation of psychic power.
Claydol appears to have been born from clay dolls made by ancient people. It uses telekinesis to float and move.
An ancient clay figurine that came to life as a Pokémon from exposure to a mysterious ray of light.
Claydol is said that it originates from clay dolls made by an ancient civilization.
Claydol started life as an ancient clay figurine made over 20,000 years ago.
If Claydol gets wet, its body melts. When rain starts to fall, it wraps its whole body up with its psychic powers to protect itself.
The ancient people who made Claydol apparently modeled it after something that descended from the sky. It fires beams from both arms.
Claydol appears to have been born from clay dolls made by ancient people. It uses telekinesis to float and move.

Lileep became extinct approximately a hundred million years ago. This ancient Pokémon attaches itself to a rock on the seafloor and catches approaching prey using tentacles shaped like flower petals.
Lileep is an ancient Pokémon that was regenerated from a fossil. It remains permanently anchored to a rock. From its immobile perch, this Pokémon intently scans for prey with its two eyes.
Lileep disguises itself as seaweed by making its tentacles sway. Unsuspecting prey that come too close are swallowed whole. It became extinct 100 million years ago.
Lileep became extinct roughly 100 million years ago. It was regenerated from a fossil using advanced techniques.
Lileep lived on the seafloor 100 million years ago and was reanimated scientifically.
Lileep disguises its tentacles as flowers to attract and catch prey. It became extinct in ancient times.
In ancient times, Lileep lived in warm seas. It disguised itself as seaweed to ambush its prey and devoured them whole when they got close.
Lileep sticks to rocks with its powerful suckers and can't be washed away no matter how rough the surf gets.

Cradily roams around the ocean floor in search of food. This Pokémon freely extends its tree trunk-like neck and captures unwary prey using its eight tentacles.
Cradily's body serves as an anchor, preventing it from being washed away in rough seas. This Pokémon secretes a strong digestive fluid from its tentacles.
It drags its heavy body along the seafloor. It makes its nest in the shallows of warm seas. Cradily can be seen on beaches when the tide goes out.
Cradily ensnares prey with its eight tentacles. It then melts the prey with a strong acid before feeding.
Cradily lives in the shallows of warm seas. When the tide goes out, it digs up its prey from the beaches.
Cradily lives in warm seas. Its heavy body weighs it down so it won't get washed away in rough weather.
Cradily lives in the shallows of warm seas. When the tide goes out, it digs up prey from beaches.
Normally, Cradily lived on shallow sea shoals. When the tide went out, this Pokémon came up on land to search for prey.
Cradily lived in primordial seas. It catches prey in its eight tentacles and dissolves them with digestive fluid as it eats.

Anorith was regenerated from a prehistoric fossil. This primitive Pokémon once lived in warm seas. It grips its prey firmly between its two large claws.
Anorith is said to be a type of Pokémon predecessor, with eight wings at the sides of its body. This Pokémon swam in the primordial sea by undulating these eight wings.
Anorith was resurrected from a fossil using the power of science. It swims by undulating the eight wings at its sides. They were feet that adapted to life in the sea.
Anorith is a kind of Pokémon progenitor. It uses its extending claws to catch prey hiding among rocks on the seafloor.
A Pokémon ancestor that was reanimated from a fossil. Anorith lived in the sea and hunted with claws.
An ancestral Pokémon that lived in the ocean. Over time, Anorith's eight feet transformed into wings.
When restored Anorith are released into the ocean, they don't thrive, because the water composition has changed since their era.
This is one kind of primeval bug Pokémon. With eight wings, Anorith could apparently swim a lot faster than you'd expect.

Armaldo's tough armor makes all attacks bounce off. This Pokémon's two enormous claws can be freely extended or contracted. They have the power to punch right through a steel slab.
Armaldo is a Pokémon species that became extinct in prehistoric times. This Pokémon is said to have walked on its hind legs, which would have been more convenient for life on land.
Armaldo usually lives on land. However, when it hunts for prey, it dives beneath the ocean. It swims around using its two large wings.
Protected by a hard shell, Armaldo's body is very sturdy. It skewers prey with its claws to feed.
Armaldo went ashore after evolving. Its entire body is clad in a sturdy armor.
Armaldo's enormous, retractable claws can cut through most anything. Its entire body is clad in sturdy plates.
Armaldo’s tough armor makes all attacks bounce off. This Pokémon’s two enormous claws can be freely extended or contracted. They have the power to punch right through a steel slab.
Armaldo lived on land and went out into the sea to hunt for prey. Its sharp claws were its greatest weapon.
Armaldo adapted from living in water to living on land. It has been determined that it is the ancestor of some bug Pokémon.

Feebas's fins are ragged and tattered from the start of its life. Because of its shoddy appearance, this Pokémon is largely ignored. It is capable of living in both the sea and in rivers.
While Feebas's body is in tatters, it has a hardy and tenacious life force that enables it to live anywhere. However, this Pokémon is also slow and dimwitted, making it an easy catch.
Feebas live in ponds that are heavily infested with weeds. Because of its hopelessly shabby appearance, it seems as if few Trainers raise it.
Ridiculed for Feebas's shabby appearance, it is ignored by researchers. It lives in ponds choked with weeds.
Feebas is famous for its shabby appearance. While populous, they tend to cluster in set locations.
Feebas eats anything, so it can even live in polluted streams and lakes. No one pays any attention to it.
Feebas is a shabby and ugly Pokémon. However, it is very hardy and can survive on little water.
Feebas is the shabbiest Pokémon of all. It forms in schools and live at the bottom of rivers.
Feebas is the shabbiest Pokémon of all. It forms in schools and lives at the bottom of rivers.
A tough Pokémon that is perfectly fine even in dirty water. However, due to Feebas's ragged, shabby appearance, it isn't popular.
Although unattractive and unpopular, Feebas's marvelous vitality has made it a subject of research.
Feebas look ragged, so no one catches them. They look like they'd taste bad, so predators won't eat them. And their numbers continue to grow.
Feebas is a shabby and ugly Pokémon. However, it is very hardy and can survive on little water.

Milotic is said to be the most beautiful of all the Pokémon. It has the power to becalm such emotions as anger and hostility to quell bitter feuding.
Milotic live at the bottom of large lakes. When this Pokémon's body glows a vivid pink, it releases a pulsing wave of energy that brings soothing calm to restless spirits.
Milotic is said to live at the bottom of large lakes. Considered to be the most beautiful of all Pokémon, it has been depicted in paintings and statues.
Milotic is breathtakingly beautiful. Those that see it are said to forget their combative spirits.
When people bicker, Milotic is said to arise from the depths of lakes to becalm violent hearts.
It is the world's most beautiful Pokémon. There are many works of art featuring Milotic.
Milotic's lovely scales are described as rainbow colored. They change color depending on the viewing angle.
It's said that a glimpse of a Milotic and its beauty will calm any hostile emotions you're feeling.
Milotic live at the bottom of large lakes. When this Pokémon's body glows a vivid pink, it releases a pulsing wave of energy that brings soothing calm to troubled hearts.
Milotic has provided inspiration to many artists. It has even been referred to as the most beautiful Pokémon of all.
Milotic lives at the bottom of clear lakes. In times of war, it shows itself, which soothes people's minds and hearts.
While Milotic is said to be the most beautiful Pokémon, Trainers who like Feebas and have raised it are seemingly disappointed by Milotic.
Milotic's dwelling place is the bottom of big lakes. Those who behold its loveliness are said to have their hearts purified.
It's said that a glimpse of a Milotic and its beauty will calm any hostile emotions you're feeling.

Castform's appearance changes with the weather. This Pokémon gained the ability to use the vast power of nature to protect its tiny body.
Castform borrows the power of nature to transform itself into guises of the sun, rain clouds, and snow clouds. This Pokémon's feelings change with the weather.
Castform alters its form depending on the weather. Changes in the climate such as the temperature and humidity appear to affect its cellular structure.
Castform has the ability to change its form into the sun, the rain, or a snow cloud, depending on the weather.
Castform's appearance changes with the weather. Recently, its molecules were found to be just like water.
Castform can change its cells, taking different forms based on the temperature and humidity.
Temperature and weather affect its cellular structure, so Castform changes form according to the weather.
Castform borrows the power of nature to transform itself into the guises of the sun, rain, and snow-clouds. This Pokémon's feelings change with the weather.
Castform changes its form depending on the weather. Changes in the temperature or humidity appear to affect its cellular structure.
Castform's form changes on its own, due to its cells' sensitive reactions to temperature and humidity.
Although Castform's form changes with the weather, that is apparently the result of a chemical reaction and not the result of its own free will.
Castform's form changes depending on the weather.
This is the form Castform takes on the brightest of days. Its skin is unexpectedly hot to the touch, so approach with care.
This is Castform's form when basking in fair weather. Its body is warm and toasty.
This is the form Castform takes on bright days. In an experiment where Castform was placed in front of a heater, it didn't change to this form.
Castform changes to this form when it basks in bright sunlight.
This is the form Castform takes when soaked with rain. When its body is compressed, water will seep out as if from a sponge.
This is Castform's form during a downpour of rain. Its body retains moisture and gets slippery.
Castform changes to this form when rain hits it. Its body is soft and slightly swollen with water.
This is Castform's form when pelted by rain. In an experiment where it was placed in a shower, this Pokémon didn't change to this form.
This is the form Castform takes when covered in snow. Its body becomes an ice-like material, with a temperature near 23 degrees Fahrenheit.
This is Castform's form when caught in a hailstorm. Its cold skin is as smooth as ice.
This is the form Castform takes when hit by hail. In an experiment where it was placed in a freezer, it didn't change to this form.
This is Castform's form when caught in a hailstorm.

Kecleon is capable of changing its body colors at will to blend in with its surroundings. There is one exception - this Pokémon can't change the zigzag pattern on its belly.
Kecleon alters its body coloration to blend in with its surroundings, allowing it to sneak up on its prey unnoticed. Then it lashes out with its long, stretchy tongue to instantly ensnare the unsuspecting target.
A Pokémon that has the ability to alter its body colors to match its surroundings. A Kecleon reverts to its original colors if it is startled.
Kecleon changes body color to blend in with its surroundings. It also changes color if it is happy or sad.
Kecleon can freely change its body's color. The zigzag pattern on its belly doesn't change, however.
Kecleon changes its shading to match its surroundings so it can sneak up on prey. Only its belly patterns stay fixed.
Kecleon is capable of changing its body colors at will to blend in with its surroundings. There is one exception—this Pokémon can’t change the zigzag pattern on its belly.
Kecleon changes its hue to blend into its surroundings. If no one takes notice of it for too long, it will pout and never reveal itself.
Kecleon's color changes for concealment and also when its mood or health changes. The darker the color, the healthier it is.

Shuppet is attracted by feelings of jealousy and vindictiveness. If someone develops strong feelings of vengeance, this Pokémon will appear in a swarm and line up beneath the eaves of that person's home.
Shuppet grows by feeding on dark emotions, such as vengefulness and envy, in the hearts of people. It roams through cities in search of grudges that taint people.
Shuppet roams about deep in the night seeking such negative emotions as grudges and envy. It retreats to its nest when the sun begins to rise.
Shuppet loves to feed on feelings like envy and malice. Its upright horn catches the emotions of people.
Shuppet loves vengeful emotions and hangs in rows under the eaves of houses where vengeful people live.
Shuppet uses its horn to feed on envy and malice, or so it's said. It's very active at night.
Shuppet feeds on the dark emotions of sadness and hatred, which make it grow steadily stronger.
Shuppet uses its horn to feed on envy and malice--or so it's said. It's very active at night.
Shuppet is attracted by feelings of jealousy and vindictiveness. If someone develops strong feelings of vengeance, this Pokémon will appear in a swarm and line up beneath the eaves of that person’s home.
Shuppet eats up emotions like malice, jealousy, and resentment, so some people are grateful for its presence.
There's a proverb that says, “Shun the house where Shuppet gather in the growing dusk.

Banette generates energy for laying strong curses by sticking pins into its own body. This Pokémon was originally a pitiful plush doll that was thrown away.
A cursed energy permeated the stuffing of a discarded and forgotten plush doll, giving it new life as Banette. The Pokémon's energy would escape if it were to ever open its mouth.
An abandoned plush doll became Banette. They are said to live in garbage dumps and wander about in search of the children that threw them away.
Strong feelings of hatred turned a puppet into a Pokémon. If Banette opens its mouth, its cursed energy escapes.
A doll that became a Pokémon over Banette's grudge from being junked. It seeks the child that disowned it.
Banette developed from an abandoned doll that amassed a grudge. It is seen in dark alleys.
A doll that became a Pokémon over Banette's grudge of being thrown away. It seeks the child who disowned it.
A cursed energy permeated the stuffing of a discarded and forgotten plush doll, giving it new life as Banette. The Pokémon’s energy would escape if it were to ever open its mouth.
Banette's a stuffed toy that was thrown away and became possessed, ever searching for the one who threw it away so it can exact its revenge.
Resentment at being cast off made Banette spring into being. Some say that treating it well will satisfy it, and it will once more become a stuffed toy.
Extraordinary energy amplifies Banette's cursing power to such an extent that it can't help but curse its own Trainer.
Mega Evolution increases Banette's vindictiveness, and the cursing power that was held back by its zipper comes spilling out.

Duskull can pass through any wall no matter how thick it may be. Once this Pokémon chooses a target, it will doggedly pursue the intended victim until the break of dawn.
Duskull wanders lost among the deep darkness of midnight. There is an oft-told admonishment given to misbehaving children that this Pokémon will spirit away bad children who earn scoldings from their mothers.
A glare from Duskull's single scarlet eye makes even burly grown-ups freeze in utter fear. It is a nocturnal Pokémon that roams about under the cloak of darkness.
Making itself invisible, Duskull silently sneaks up to prey. It has the ability to slip through thick walls.
Duskull doggedly pursues its prey wherever it goes. However, the chase is abandoned at sunrise.
Duskull loves the crying of children. It startles bad kids by passing through walls and making them cry.
If Duskull finds bad children who won't listen to their parents, it will spirit them away--or so it's said.
If Duskull finds bad children who won't listen to their parents, it will spirit them away—or so it's said.
Making itself invisible, Duskull silently sneaks up to prey. It has the ability to slip through thick walls.

Dusclops's body is completely hollow - there is nothing at all inside. It is said that its body is like a black hole. This Pokémon will absorb anything into its body, but nothing will ever come back out.
Dusclops absorbs anything, however large the object may be. This Pokémon hypnotizes its foe by waving its hands in a macabre manner and by bringing its single eye to bear. The hypnotized foe is made to do Dusclops's bidding.
Dusclops is thought that its body is hollow with only a spectral ball of fire burning inside. However, no one has been able to confirm this theory as fact.
Dusclops's body is entirely hollow. When it opens its mouth, it sucks everything in as if it were a black hole.
Dusclops's body is hollow. It is said that those who look into its body are sucked into the void.
Dusclops seeks drifting will-o'-the-wisps and sucks them into its empty body. What happens inside is a mystery.
Anyone who dares peer into Dusclops's body to see its spectral ball of fire will have their spirit stolen away.
Dusclops's body is completely hollow—there is nothing at all inside. It is said that its body is like a black hole. This Pokémon will absorb anything into its body, but nothing will ever come back out.
Dusclops seeks drifting will-o'-the-wisps and sucks them into its empty body. What happens inside is a mystery.

The bunches of fruit around Tropius's neck are very popular with children. This Pokémon loves fruit, and eats it continuously. Apparently, its love for fruit resulted in its own outgrowth of fruit.
Children of the southern tropics eat as snacks the fruit that grows in bunches around the neck of Tropius. This Pokémon flies by flapping the leaves on its back as if they were wings.
Tropius flies by flapping its broad leaves. The bunch of fruit that grows around its neck is deliciously sweet. In the spring, it scatters pollen from its neck.
Tropius lives in tropical jungles. The bunch of fruit around its neck is delicious. The fruit grows twice a year.
Because Tropius continually ate only its favorite fruit, the fruit started growing around its neck.
Delicious fruits grew out from around Tropius's neck because it always ate the same kind of fruit.
The bunch of fruit around Tropius's neck ripens twice a year and is delicious. It's a highly favored tropical snack.
Tropius flies by flapping its broad leaves and gives the sweet, delicious fruit around its neck to children.
The bunches of fruit around Tropius’s neck are very popular with children. This Pokémon loves fruit, and eats it continuously. Apparently, its love for fruit resulted in its own outgrowth of fruit.
The bunches of fruit growing around the necks of Tropius in Alola are especially sweet compared to those in other regions.
Bunches of delicious fruit grow around its neck. In warm areas, many ranches raise Tropius.

Chimecho makes its cries echo inside its hollow body. When this Pokémon becomes enraged, its cries result in ultrasonic waves that have the power to knock foes flying.
In high winds, Chimecho cries as it hangs from a tree branch or the eaves of a building using a suction cup on its head. This Pokémon plucks berries with its long tail and eats them.
Chimecho fly about very actively when the hot season arrives. They communicate among themselves using seven different and distinguishing cries.
Chimecho travels by riding on winds. It cleverly uses its long tail to pluck nuts and berries, which it loves to eat.
To knock foes flying, Chimecho makes the air shudder with its cries. It converses using seven cries.
Emitting ultrasonic cries, Chimecho floats on winds to travel great distances.
Chimecho's cries echo inside its hollow body to emerge as beautiful notes for startling and repelling foes.
Chimecho uses the sucker on its head to hang from a tree or from eaves. It can produce seven different tones.
In high winds, Chimecho cries as it hangs from a tree branch or the eaves of a building using a suction cup on its head. This Pokémon plucks berries with its long tail and eats them.

Every time Absol appears before people, it is followed by a disaster such as an earthquake or a tidal wave. As a result, it came to be known as the disaster Pokémon.
Absol has the ability to foretell the coming of natural disasters. It lives in a harsh, rugged mountain environment. This Pokémon very rarely ventures down from the mountains.
Absol sharply senses even subtle changes in the sky and the land to predict natural disasters. It is a long-lived Pokémon that has a life-span of 100 years.
Absol appears when it senses an impending natural disaster. As a result, it was mistaken as a doom-bringer.
Absol senses coming disasters and appears before people only to warn them of impending danger.
Rumored to sense danger with Absol's horn, it became a target. It fled deep into the mountains.
Absol has the ability to foretell natural disasters. Its life span is over a hundred years.
Rumored to sense disasters with Absol's horn, it became a target. It fled deep into the mountains.
Absol appears from deep in the mountains to warn people about upcoming disasters it has sensed with its horn.
Absol appears when it senses an impending natural disaster. As a result, it was mistaken as a doom bringer.
Long ago, superstitions were spread about Absol, saying it brought disaster. This fed a hatred of it, and it was driven deep into the mountains.
Although it's said to bring disaster, in actuality, Absol possesses a calm disposition and warns people of any crises that loom.
The only thing unlucky about Absol is its appearance. It protects fields and warns people of disaster, so one ought to be grateful for it.
The elderly call Absol the disaster Pokémon and detest it, but interest in its power to predict disasters is on the rise.
When Absol whips the winglike fur on its back as though beating its wings, it sends an intimidating aura flying at its opponents.
As the energy of Mega Evolution fills Absol, its fur bristles. What you see on its back are not true wings, and this Pokémon isn't able to fly.
Normally, Absol dislikes fighting, so it really hates changing to this form for battles.
Absol converts the energy from Mega Evolution into an intimidating aura. Fainthearted people expire from shock at the sight of it.

Wynaut can always be seen with a big, happy smile on its face. Look at its tail to determine if it is angry. When angered, this Pokémon will be slapping the ground with its tail.
Wynaut gather on moonlit nights to play by squeezing up against each other. By being squeezed, this Pokémon gains endurance and is trained to dole out powerful counterattacks.
A Wynaut loves to eat sweet fruits. It cleverly picks fruits using its earlike arms. They gather in fruit gardens, drawn by the fragrance.
Wynaut tends to move in a pack with others. They cluster in a tight group to sleep in a cave.
Wynaut grows stronger by pushing up against others en masse. It loves eating sweet fruit.
Wynaut tends to move in a pack. Individuals squash against one another to toughen their spirits.
Wynaut grows strong by pushing up against others en masse. It loves eating sweet fruit.
Wynaut tends to move in a pack with others. They cluster in a tight group to sleep in a cave.

Snorunt live in regions with heavy snowfall. In seasons without snow, such as spring and summer, this Pokémon steals away to live quietly among stalactites and stalagmites deep in caverns.
Snorunt survives by eating only snow and ice. Old folklore claims that a house visited by this Pokémon is sure to prosper for many generations to come.
They tend to move about in groups of around five Snorunt. In snowy regions, it is said that when they are seen late at night, snowfall will arrive by morning.
It is said that a home visited by a Snorunt will prosper. It can withstand cold of minus 150 degrees Fahrenheit..
In the snow country, certain folklore says a house will prosper if a Snorunt lives there.
It is said that several Snorunt gather under giant leaves and live together in harmony.
Snorunt's said that if they are seen at midnight, they'll cause heavy snow. They eat snow and ice to survive.
Their numbers seem to have rapidly increased in Alola. Custom has it that houses where Snorunt live will be prosperous for generations to come.
Snorunt can only survive in cold areas. It bounces happily around, even in environments as cold as -150 degrees Fahrenheit.
Snorunt feeds mainly on ice and snow. It's only able to survive in a limited number of places in the warm Alola region.
Rich people from cold areas all share childhood memories of playing with Snorunt.
Snorunt can only survive in cold areas. It bounces happily around, even in environments as cold as −150 degrees Fahrenheit.

Glalie has a body made of rock, which it hardens with an armor of ice. This Pokémon has the ability to freeze moisture in the atmosphere into any shape it desires.
Glalie has the ability to freely control ice. For example, it can instantly freeze its foe solid. After immobilizing its foe in ice, this Pokémon enjoys eating it in leisurely fashion.
A Glalie has the power to instantaneously freeze moisture in the atmosphere. A dazzling cloud of diamondlike ice crystals forms around its body.
Glalie has a body of ice that won't melt, even with fire. It can instantly freeze moisture in the atmosphere.
To protect itself, Glalie clads its body in an armor of ice, made by freezing moisture in the air.
Glalie prevents prey from escaping by instantaneously freezing moisture in the air.
Glalie can instantly freeze moisture in the atmosphere. It uses this power to freeze its foes.
To protect itself, Glalie clad its body in an armor of ice, made by freezing moisture in the air.
Glalie has the ability to freely control ice. For example, it can instantly freeze its prey solid. After immobilizing its prey in ice, this Pokémon enjoys eating it in leisurely fashion.
Legend says a boulder on an icy mountain absorbed the distress and regrets of a stranded mountaineer, giving rise to Glalie.
Glalie's prey is instantaneously frozen stiff by the cold air it exhales from its huge mouth. While they're in that frozen state, it gobbles them up.
Glalie freezes its prey and chews them whole. However, it prefers to eat Pokémon like Vanillite that are already frozen.
Its actual body is a rock that isn't particularly hard. Glalie absorbs moisture from the air and drapes itself in an armor of ice.
The excess energy from Mega Evolution spilled over from Glalie's mouth, breaking its jaw. It spews endless blizzards.
Glalie envelops prey in its mouth, freezing them instantly. But its jaw is dislocated, so it's unable to eat them.
When Glalie spews stupendously cold air from its broken mouth, the entire area around it gets whited out.
The power of Mega Evolution was so strong that it smashed Glalie's jaw. Its inability to eat very well leaves Glalie irritated.

Spheal is much faster rolling than walking to get around. When groups of this Pokémon eat, they all clap at once to show their pleasure. Because of this, their mealtimes are noisy.
Spheal always travels by rolling around on its ball-like body. When the season for ice floes arrives, this Pokémon can be seen rolling about on ice and crossing the sea.
Spheal is completely covered with plushy fur. As a result, it never feels the cold even when it is rolling about on ice floes or diving in the sea.
Spheal's body is covered in fluffy fur. The fur keeps it from feeling cold while it is rolling on ice.
Spheal rolls across ice floes to reach shore because its body is poorly shaped for swimming.
Spheal crosses the oceans by rolling itself on drifting ice. Fluffy fur keeps it warm when the temperature is below freezing.
Spheal can't swim well yet, and they move much faster by rolling. When they're happy, they clap fins.
Spheal always travels by rolling around on its ball-like body. When the season for ice floes arrives, this Pokémon can be seen rolling about on ice and crossing the sea.

Sealeo has the habit of always juggling on the tip of its nose anything it sees for the first time. This Pokémon occasionally entertains itself by balancing and rolling a Spheal on its nose.
Sealeo often balances and rolls things on the tip of its nose. While the Pokémon is rolling something, it checks the object's aroma and texture to determine whether it likes the object or not.
Sealeo live in herds on ice floes. Using its powerful flippers, it shatters ice. It dives into the sea to hunt prey five times a day.
Sealeo touches new things with its nose to test for smell and feel. It plays by spinning Spheal on its nose.
Sealeo habitually spins things on its nose. By doing so, it learns textures and odors.
Sealeo has a very sensitive nose. It touches new things with its nose to examine them.
Be Sealeo Spheal or Poké Ball, it will spin any round object on its nose with the greatest of ease.
Be Sealeo Spheal or a Poké Ball, it will spin any round object on its nose with the greatest of ease.
Sealeo often balances and rolls things on the tip of its nose. While the Pokémon is rolling something, it checks the object’s aroma and texture to determine whether it likes the object or not.

Walrein's two massively developed tusks can totally shatter blocks of ice weighing ten tons with one blow. This Pokémon's thick coat of blubber insulates it from subzero temperatures.
Walrein swims all over in frigid seawater while crushing icebergs with its grand, imposing tusks. Its thick layer of blubber makes enemy attacks bounce off harmlessly.
To protect Walrein's herd, the leader battles anything that invades its territory, even at the cost of its life. Its tusks may snap off in battle.
Walrein swims through icy seas while shattering ice floes with its large tusks. It is protected by its thick blubber.
Walrein shatters ice with its big tusks. Its thick blubber repels not only the cold, but also enemy attacks.
Walrein shatters drift ice with its strong tusks. Its thick layer of blubber repels enemy attacks.
Not only does Walrein's thick blubber keep it warm, it also protects it from attacks. It shatters ice with its prized tusks.
Walrein’s two massively developed tusks can totally shatter blocks of ice weighing 10 tons with one blow. This Pokémon’s thick coat of blubber insulates it from subzero temperatures.
Walrein swims all over in frigid seawater while crushing icebergs with its grand, imposing tusks. Its thick layer of blubber makes enemy attacks bounce off harmlessly.

Clamperl's sturdy shell is not only good for protection - it is also used for clamping and catching prey. A fully grown Clamperl's shell will be scored with nicks and scratches all over.
Clamperl grows while being protected by its rock-hard shell. When its body becomes too large to fit inside the shell, it is sure evidence that this Pokémon is getting close to evolution.
A Clamperl slams its shell closed on prey to prevent escape. The pearl it creates upon evolution is said to be infused with a mysterious energy.
Clamperl is protected by a sturdy shell. Once in a lifetime, it makes a magnificent pearl.
Clamperl makes a single pearl during its lifetime. The pearl is said to amplify psychic power.
When Clamperl evolves, it makes a mysterious pearl that amplifies psychic powers when it's held.
Clamperl's sturdy shell is not only good for protection—it is also used for clamping and catching prey. A fully grown Clamperl's shell will be scored with nicks and scratches all over.
Despite Clamperl's appearance, it's carnivorous. It clamps down on its prey with both sides of its shell and doesn't let go until they stop moving.
Clamperl's pearls are exceedingly precious. They can be more than 10 times as costly as Shellder's pearls.

Huntail's presence went unnoticed by people for a long time because it lives at extreme depths in the sea. This Pokémon's eyes can see clearly even in the murky dark depths of the ocean.
Huntail's tail is shaped like a fish. It uses the tail to attract prey, then swallows the prey whole with its large, gaping mouth. This Pokémon swims by wiggling its slender body like a snake.
To withstand the crushing pressure of water deep under the sea, Huntail's spine is very thick and sturdy. Its tail, which is shaped like a small fish, has eyes that light up.
Huntail lives deep in the sea where no light ever filters down. It lights up its small fish-like tail to attract prey.
Huntail lives deep in the sea. With a tail shaped like a small fish, it attracts unsuspecting prey.
Huntail lives deep in the pitch-dark sea. It attracts prey by moving its tail in mimicry of a small animal.
Huntail lives deep in the sea where no light ever filters down. It lights up its small fishlike tail to attract prey.
Huntail’s presence went unnoticed by people for a long time because it lives at extreme depths in the sea. This Pokémon’s eyes can see clearly even in the murky dark depths of the ocean.
Huntail’s tail is shaped like a fish. It uses the tail to attract prey, then swallows the prey whole with its large, gaping mouth. This Pokémon swims by wiggling its slender body like a snake.
Huntail's not the strongest swimmer. It wags its tail to lure in its prey and then gulps them down as soon as they get close.
Deep seas are their habitat. According to tradition, when Huntail wash up onshore, something unfortunate will happen.

Gorebyss lives in the southern seas at extreme depths. Its body is built to withstand the enormous pressure of water at incredible depths. Because of this, this Pokémon's body is unharmed by ordinary attacks.
Although Gorebyss is the very picture of elegance and beauty while swimming, it is also cruel. When it spots prey, this Pokémon inserts its thin mouth into the prey's body and drains the prey of its body fluids.
A Gorebyss siphons the body fluids of prey through its thin, tubular mouth. Its light pink body color turns vivid when it finishes feeding.
Gorebyss's swimming form is exquisitely elegant. With its thin mouth, it feeds on seaweed that grows between rocks.
Gorebyss lives at the bottom of the sea. In the springtime, its pink body turns more vivid for some reason.
Gorebyss's pink body becomes more vivid with the rise of water temperatures in the springtime.
Gorebyss lives in the southern seas at extreme depths. Its body is built to withstand the enormous pressure of water at incredible depths. Because of this, this Pokémon’s body is unharmed by ordinary attacks.
Although Gorebyss is the very picture of elegance and beauty while swimming, it is also cruel. When it spots prey, this Pokémon inserts its thin mouth into the prey’s body and drains the prey of its body fluids.
The color of its body changes with the water temperature. The coloration of Gorebyss in Alola is almost blindingly vivid.
Gorebyss sucks bodily fluids out of its prey. The leftover meat sinks to the seafloor, where it becomes food for other Pokémon.

Relicanth is a Pokémon species that existed for a hundred million years without ever changing its form. This ancient Pokémon feeds on microscopic organisms with its toothless mouth.
Relicanth is a rare species that was discovered in deep-sea explorations. This Pokémon's body withstands the enormous water pressure of the ocean depths. Its body is covered in tough scales that are like craggy rocks.
A Pokémon that was once believed to have been extinct. The species has not changed Relicanth's form for 100 million years. It walks on the seafloor using its pectoral fins.
Relicanth has remained unchanged for 100 million years. It was discovered during a deep-sea exploration.
A rare Pokémon discovered during a deep-sea exploration. Relicanth has not changed in over 100 million years.
Discovered by chance during deep-sea explorations, Relicanth has not changed since ancient times.
Relicanth is a rare species that was discovered in deep-sea explorations. This Pokémon’s body withstands the enormous water pressure of the ocean depths. Its body is covered in tough scales that are like craggy rocks.
Relicanth's form has remained the same for one hundred million years. Its body is filled with fat, so it can withstand the water pressure of the deep sea.
Relicanth was fortuitously discovered during a deep sea expedition. Its teeth have atrophied, so it now survives on microscopic organisms it sucks up.
Thought to have gone extinct, Relicanth was given a name that is a variation of the name of the person who discovered it.
The reason Relicanth hasn't changed at all in a hundred million years is that it's apparently already a perfect life-form.

Luvdisc live in shallow seas in the tropics. This heart-shaped Pokémon earned its name by swimming after loving couples it spotted in the ocean's waves.
Luvdisc's heart-shaped body is a symbol of love and romance. It is said that any couple meeting this Pokémon is promised a loving relationship that never ends.
Luvdisc make the branches of Corsola their nests. There is a custom from long ago of giving a Luvdisc as a gift to express one's feelings of love.
During the spawning season, countless Luvdisc congregate at coral reefs, turning the waters pink.
Luvdisc lives in warm seas. It is said that a couple finding this Pokémon will be blessed with eternal love.
Its heart-shaped body makes it popular. In some places, you would give a Luvdisc to someone you love.
Luvdisc live in shallow seas in the tropics. This heart-shaped Pokémon earned its name by swimming after loving couples it spotted in the ocean’s waves.
Luvdisc’s heart-shaped body is a symbol of love and romance. It is said that any couple meeting this Pokémon is promised a loving relationship that never ends.
If a Luvdisc is left on its own, it becomes despondent, leaving itself open to attack. That is when Pelipper snatch them up.
Loving couples have a soft spot for Luvdisc, so honeymoon hotels often release this Pokémon into their pools.
There was an era when Luvdisc was overfished due to the rumor that having one of its heart-shaped scales would enable you to find a sweetheart.
Luvdisc makes its home in coral reefs in warm seas. It especially likes sleeping in the space between Corsola's branches.

Bagon has a dream of one day soaring in the sky. In doomed efforts to fly, this Pokémon hurls itself off cliffs. As a result of its dives, its head has grown tough and as hard as tempered steel.
Bagon harbors a never-ending dream of one day soaring high among the clouds. As if trying to dispel its frustration over its inability to fly, this Pokémon slams its hard head against huge rocks and shatters them into pebbles.
Although it is small, Bagon is very powerful because its body is a bundle of muscles. It launches head-butts with its ironlike skull.
Bagon's steel-hard head can shatter boulders. It longingly hopes for wings to grow so it can fly.
Dreaming of one day flying, Bagon practices by leaping off cliffs every day.
Bagon's well-developed neck muscles and ironlike head can smash boulders into pieces.
Bagon's belief that it will be able to fly one day is apparently the influence of information carried in its genes.
With Bagon's steel-hard stone head, it headbutts indiscriminately. This is because of the stress it feels at being unable to fly.
Whenever Bagon sees bird Pokémon flying through the sky, it becomes envious and smashes its surroundings to bits with headbutts.
Some theories suggest that Bagon's behavior of forcefully bashing its head into things stimulates cells that affect its evolution.

Inside Shelgon's armor-like shell, cells are in the midst of transformation to create an entirely new body. This Pokémon's shell is extremely heavy, making its movements sluggish.
Covering Shelgon's body are outgrowths much like bones. The shell is very hard and bounces off enemy attacks. When awaiting evolution, this Pokémon hides away in a cavern.
Shelgon hardly eats while it awaits evolution. It becomes hardier by enduring hunger. Its shell peels off the instant it begins to evolve.
Shelgon's armored body makes all attacks bounce off. The armor is too tough, however, making it heavy and somewhat sluggish.
Within Shelgon's rugged shell, its cells have begun changing. The shell peels off the instant it evolves.
Shelgon surrounds its body in an iron-hard shell to accumulate enough power to evolve.
Inside Shelgon’s armor-like shell, cells are in the midst of transformation to create an entirely new body. This Pokémon’s shell is extremely heavy, making its movements sluggish.
Covering Shelgon’s body are outgrowths much like bones. The shell is very hard and bounces off enemy attacks. When awaiting evolution, this Pokémon hides away in a cavern.
The cells within Shelgon's shell transform with explosive speed, preparing it for evolution.
Shelgon lurk deep within caves—motionless, neither eating nor drinking. Why they don't die is not known.
The cells within Shelgon's body are changing at a bewildering pace. Its hard shell is made from the same substance as bone.
Shelgon lives deep within caves. It stays shut up in its hard shell, dreaming of the day it will be able to fly.

Salamence came about as a result of a strong, long-held dream of growing wings. It is said that this powerful desire triggered a sudden mutation in this Pokémon's cells, causing it to sprout its magnificent wings.
By evolving into Salamence, this Pokémon finally realizes its long-held dream of growing wings. To express its joy, it flies and wheels all over the sky while spouting flames from its mouth.
After many long years, Salamence's cellular structure underwent a sudden mutation to grow wings. When angered, it loses all thought and rampages out of control.
Salamence becomes uncontrollable if enraged. It destroys everything with shredding claws and fire.
As a result of Salamence's long-held dream of flying, its cellular structure changed, and wings grew out.
Salamence's uncontrollable if enraged. It flies around spouting flames and scorching fields and mountains.
Salamence becomes uncontrollable if it is enraged. It destroys everything with shredding claws and fire.
Salamence came about as a result of a strong, long-held dream of growing wings. It is said that this powerful desire triggered a sudden mutation in this Pokémon’s cells, causing it to sprout its magnificent wings.
When angered, it loses all sense of itself and destroys everything around it. The destruction will continue until Salamence has tired itself out.
Salamence flies around on its wings, which have grown in at last. In its happiness, it gushes hot flames, burning up the fields it passes over.
Overjoyed at finally being able to fly, Salamence flies all over the place and usually doesn't land until it's completely exhausted and needs to sleep.
Thanks to Salamence's fervent wishes, the cells in its body finally mutated, and at last it has its heart's desire—wings.
Anyone standing in its path gets sliced right in two, while Salamence continues its flight without interruption.
Mega Evolution fuels Salamence's brutality, and it may even turn on the Trainer who raised it. It's been dubbed "the blood-soaked crescent.
The stress of Salamence's two proud wings becoming misshapen and stuck together because of strong energy makes it go on a rampage.
It puts its forelegs inside its shell to streamline itself for flight. Salamence flies at high speeds over all kinds of topographical features.

Instead of blood, a powerful magnetic force courses throughout Beldum's body. This Pokémon communicates with others by sending controlled pulses of magnetism.
Beldum keeps itself floating by generating a magnetic force that repels earth's natural magnetism. When it sleeps, this Pokémon anchors itself to a cliff using the hooks on its rear.
When Beldum gather in a swarm, they move in perfect unison as if they were but one Pokémon. They communicate with each other using brain waves.
Beldum uses magnetic waves to converse with its kind. All the cells in its body are magnetic.
Beldum converses with others by using magnetic pulses. In a swarm, they move in perfect unison.
The magnetic force generated by Beldum's body repels the ground's natural magnetism, letting it float.
Beldum's cells are all magnetic, and it communicates with others by using magnetic pulses.
Beldum converses with others by magnetic pulses. In a swarm, they move in perfect unison.
Instead of blood, a powerful magnetic force courses through Beldum's body. This Pokémon communicates with others by sending controlled pulses of magnetism.
Beldum's cells are all magnets. It uses magnetism to communicate with others of its kind.
With magnetic traction, Beldum pulls its opponents in close. When they're in range, it slashes them with its rear claws.
Instead of blood, magnetism flows through Beldum's body. When it's feeling bad, try giving it a magnet.
If you anger Beldum, it will do more than rampage. It will also burst out strong magnetism, causing nearby machines to break.

When two Beldum fuse together, Metang is formed. The brains of the Beldum are joined by a magnetic nervous system. By linking its brains magnetically, this Pokémon generates strong psychokinetic power.
When two Beldum fuse together, Metang is formed. The brains of the Beldum are joined by a magnetic nervous system. This Pokémon turns its arms to the rear for traveling at high speed.
The claws tipping Metang's arms pack the destructive power to tear through thick iron sheets as if they were silk. It flies at over 60 miles per hour.
Metang floats midair using magnetism. Its body is so tough, even a crash with a jet plane won't leave a scratch.
Metang is formed by two Beldum joining together. Its steel body won't be scratched if it collides with a jet.
When two Beldum fuse together, a magnetic nervous system places Metang's brains in union.
Metang is formed by two Beldum joining together. Its two brains are linked, amplifying its psychic power.
When two Beldum link together, Metang's psychic power is doubled. Their intelligence, however, remains unchanged.
Metang adores magnetic minerals, so it pursues Nosepass at speeds exceeding 60 mph.
With Metang's two brains, it fires powerful psychic energy to stop its prey in their tracks.
It flies at high speeds around the skies. When it finds its prey, Metang takes a firm grip with its sharp claws and never lets go.

Metagross has four brains in total. Combined, the four brains can breeze through difficult calculations faster than a supercomputer. This Pokémon can float in the air by tucking in its four legs.
Metagross is the result of two Metang achieving fusion. When hunting, this Pokémon pins the prey to the ground under its massive body. It then eats the helpless victim using the large mouth on its stomach.
Metagross has four brains that are joined by a complex neural network. As a result of integration, this Pokémon is smarter than a supercomputer.
Metagross is formed by two Metang fusing. Its four brains are said to be superior to a supercomputer.
Metang combined to form Metagross. With four brains, it has the intelligence of a supercomputer.
Metagross folds its four legs when flying. Its four brains are said to be superior to a supercomputer.
With four linked brains, Metagross's more intelligent than a supercomputer, and it uses calculations to analyze foes.
Metagross firmly pins its prey using its four claws and large body. Then the teeth in the mouth on its stomach chew the prey to bits.
A linkage of two Metang, Metagross can perform any calculation in a flash by utilizing parallel processing in its four brains.
Metagross boasts not only psychic powers but also fantastic strength. It grabs its prey with its four legs and holds them in place with its claws.
Metagross analyzes its opponents with more accuracy than a supercomputer, which enables it to calmly back them into a corner.
This form results from one Metagross, one Metang, and two Beldum linking up.
Mega Evolution stimulated Metagross's brain. It emerged as a ruthless Pokémon that will clutch at any means of ensuring its victories.
Metagross's intellect surpasses its previous level, resulting in battles so cruel, they'll make you want to cover your eyes.
When Metagross knows it can't win, it digs the claws on its legs into its opponent and starts the countdown to a big explosion.

Regirock was sealed away by people long ago. If this Pokémon's body is damaged in battle, it is said to seek out suitable rocks on its own to repair itself.
Regirock's body is composed entirely of rocks. Recently, a study made the startling discovery that the rocks were all unearthed from different locations.
A Pokémon that is made entirely of rocks and boulders. If parts of its body chip off in battle, Regirock repairs itself by adding new rocks.
Regirock is entirely composed of rocks with no sign of a brain or heart. It is a mystery even to modern scientists.
Regirock's entire body is made of rock. If any part chips off in battle, it attaches rocks to repair itself.
The same rocks that form Regirock's body have been found in ground layers around the world.
Regirock's body is composed entirely of rocks. Recently, a study made the startling discovery that the rocks were all unearthed from different locations.

Regice's body was made during an ice age. The deep-frozen body can't be melted, even by fire. This Pokémon controls frigid air of minus 328 degrees F.
Regice cloaks itself with frigid air of negative 328 degrees F. Things will freeze solid just by going near this Pokémon. Its icy body is so cold, it will not melt even if it is immersed in magma.
Regice's entire body is made of Antarctic ice. After extensive studies, researchers believe the ice was formed during an ice age.
Research revealed that Regice's body is made of the same kind of ice that is found at the South Pole.
Regice's body is made of ice from the ice age. It controls frigid air of -328 degrees Fahrenheit.
Regice is said to have slept in a glacier for thousands of years. Its body can't be melted, even by magma.
Regice's body was made during an ice age. The deep-frozen body can't be melted, even by fire. This Pokémon controls frigid air of -328 degrees Fahrenheit.
Regice cloaks itself with frigid air of -328 degrees Fahrenheit. Things will freeze solid just by going near this Pokémon. Its icy body is so cold, it will not melt even if it is immersed in magma.

Registeel has a body that is harder than any kind of metal. Its body is apparently hollow. No one has any idea what this Pokémon eats.
Registeel was imprisoned by people in ancient times. The metal composing its body is thought to be a curious substance that is not of this earth.
Registeel's body is harder than any other kind of metal. The body metal is composed of a mysterious substance. Not only is it hard, it shrinks and stretches flexibly.
Registeel is sturdier than any kind of metal. It hardened due to pressure underground over tens of thousands of years.
Tempered by pressure underground over tens of thousands of years, Registeel's body cannot be scratched.
Registeel's body is said to be harder than any kind of metal. A study has revealed that its body is hollow.
Registeel was imprisoned by people in ancient times. The metal composing its body is thought to be a curious substance that is not of this earth.

Latias is highly sensitive to the emotions of people. If it senses any hostility, this Pokémon ruffles the feathers all over its body and cries shrilly to intimidate the foe.
Latias is highly intelligent and capable of understanding human speech. It is covered with a glass-like down. The Pokémon enfolds its body with its down and refracts light to alter its appearance.
Latias make a small herd of only several members. They rarely make contact with people or other Pokémon. They disappear if they sense enemies.
Latias can telepathically communicate with people. It changes its appearance using its down that refracts light.
Latias's body is covered in a down that can refract light in such a way that it becomes invisible.
Latias communicates using telepathy. Its body is covered in down that refracts light to make it invisible.
Latias's body is covered with a down that can refract light in such a way that it becomes invisible.
Latias is highly intelligent and capable of understanding human speech. It is covered with a glass-like down. The Pokémon enfolds its body with its down and refracts light to alter its appearance.

Latios has the ability to make its foe see an image of what it has seen or imagines in its head. This Pokémon is intelligent and understands human speech.
Latios will only open its heart to a Trainer with a compassionate spirit. This Pokémon can fly faster than a jet plane by folding its forelegs to minimize air resistance.
Even in hiding, Latios can detect the locations of others and sense their emotions since it has telepathy. Its intelligence allows it to understand human languages.
Latios has a docile temperament and dislikes fighting. Tucking in its forelegs, it can fly faster than a jet plane.
A highly intelligent Pokémon. By folding back Latios's wings in flight, it can overtake jet planes.
Latios understands human speech and is highly intelligent. It is a tender Pokémon that dislikes fighting.
Latios has the ability to make others see an image of what it has seen or imagines in its head. This Pokémon is intelligent and understands human speech.
Latios will only open its heart to a Trainer with a compassionate spirit. This Pokémon can fly faster than a jet plane by folding its forelegs to minimize air resistance.

Kyogre has the power to create massive rain clouds that cover the entire sky and bring about torrential downpours. This Pokémon saved people who were suffering from droughts.
Kyogre is named in mythology as the Pokémon that expanded the sea by covering the land with torrential rains and towering tidal waves. It took to sleep after a cataclysmic battle with Groudon.
Kyogre has appeared in mythology as the creator of the sea. After long years of feuding with Groudon, it took to sleep at the bottom of the sea.
Kyogre is said to have expanded the sea by bringing heavy rains. It has the power to control water.
Kyogre is said to have widened the seas by causing downpours. It had been asleep in a marine trench.
A mythical Pokémon said to have swelled the seas with rain and tidal waves. Kyogre battled with Groudon.
Through Primal Reversion and with nature’s full power, Kyogre will take back its true form. It can summon storms that cause the sea levels to rise.
Kyogre is said to be the personification of the sea itself. Legends tell of its many clashes against Groudon, as each sought to gain the power of nature.

Groudon has long been described in mythology as the Pokémon that raised lands and expanded continents. This Pokémon took to sleep after a cataclysmic battle with Kyogre.
Groudon has the power to scatter rain clouds and make water evaporate with light and heat. It came as a savior to people who had been suffering from terrible floods.
Groudon has appeared in mythology as the creator of the land. It sleeps in magma underground and is said to make volcanoes erupt on awakening.
Groudon is said to represent the land. It went to sleep after dueling Kyogre.
Groudon had been asleep in underground magma ever since it fiercely fought Kyogre long ago.
Said to have expanded the lands by evaporating water with raging heat. Groudon battled titanically with Kyogre.
Groudon is said to be the personification of the land itself. Legends tell of its many clashes against Kyogre, as each sought to gain the power of nature.
Through Primal Reversion and with nature’s full power, Groudon will take back its true form. It can cause magma to erupt and expand the landmass of the world.

Rayquaza lived for hundreds of millions of years in the earth's ozone layer, never descending to the ground. This Pokémon appears to feed on water and particles in the atmosphere.
Rayquaza is said to have lived for hundreds of millions of years in the earth's ozone layer, above the clouds. Its existence had been completely unknown because it lived so high in the sky.
A Pokémon that flies endlessly in the ozone layer. Rayquaza is said it would descend to the ground if Kyogre and Groudon were to fight.
Rayquaza has lived for hundreds of millions of years in the ozone layer. Its flying form looks like a meteor.
Rayquaza cannot be seen from ground level since it lives far up above the clouds in the ozone layer.
Rayquaza flies in the ozone layer, way up high in the sky. Until recently, no one had ever seen it.
Rayquaza lives in the ozone layer far above the clouds and cannot be seen from the ground.
Rayquaza is said to have lived for hundreds of millions of years. Legends remain of how it put to rest the clash between Kyogre and Groudon.
Rayquaza flies forever through the ozone layer, consuming meteoroids for sustenance. The many meteoroids in its body provide the energy it needs to Mega Evolve.

A legend states that Jirachi will make true any wish that is written on the notes attached to head when it awakens. If this Pokémon senses danger, it will fight without awakening.
Jirachi will awaken from its sleep of a thousand years if you sing to it in a voice of purity. It is said to make true any wish that people desire.
Jirachi is said to make wishes come true. While it sleeps, a tough crystalline shell envelops the body to protect it from enemies.
Jirachi is said to make any wish come true. It is only awake for only seven days out of a thousand years.
Jirachi is said to have the ability to grant any wish for just one week every thousand years.
Generations have believed that any wish written on a note on Jirachi's head will come true when it awakens.
A legend states that Jirachi will make true any wish that is written on notes attached to its head when it awakens. If this Pokémon senses danger, it will fight without awakening.
Once every 1,000 years, the singing of a pure voice will rouse Jirachi from its near- perpetual slumber. It wakes for only seven days.
It's believed that when Jirachi wakes from its 1,000-year slumber, it will grant any wishes written on the notes attached to its head.

The DNA of a space virus underwent a sudden mutation upon exposure to a laser beam and resulted in Deoxys. The crystalline organ on this Pokémon's chest appears to be its brain.
Deoxys emerged from a virus that came from space. It is highly intelligent and wields psychokinetic powers. This Pokémon shoots lasers from the crystalline organ on its chest.
A Pokémon that mutated from an extraterrestrial virus exposed to a laser beam. Deoxys's body is configured for superior agility and speed.
This Deoxys has transformed into its aggressive guise. It can fool enemies by altering its appearance.
When Deoxys changes form, an aurora appears. It absorbs attacks by altering its cellular structure.
An alien virus that fell to earth on a meteor underwent a DNA mutation to become Deoxys.
DNA from a space virus mutated and became a Pokémon. Deoxys appears where auroras are seen.
Deoxys emerged from a virus that came from space. It is highly intelligent and wields psychokinetic powers. This Pokémon shoots lasers from the crystalline organ on its chest.
